
API Flexibility through Inversion of Control and Composition
https://youtu.be/5k2YasGFX7o&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Array methods vs loops
https://youtu.be/Ux4g3E2VkIo&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Comparing Object.{preventExtensions,seal,freeze}
https://youtu.be/9fkYC3wm9E0&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Create a from-html-testing-library using dom-testing-library
https://youtu.be/OLA1xZ4-tmQ&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Creating gifs using Kap to explain your work
https://youtu.be/F5fvEPsiMww&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Debug tests in create-react-app
https://youtu.be/b7EB6iNUqnU&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Designing an API for extensibility
https://youtu.be/LYB0SEYaBlE&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

DOM MutationObservers and dom-testing-library's waitForElement
https://youtu.be/kVS78Ztq9RY&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Effective and simple note-taking with Workflowy.com
https://youtu.be/ZeHqIa-bVv8&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Example of Classless Components with @reachcomponent-component
https://youtu.be/45SeRiE00E8&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

How prettier is a testing tool
https://youtu.be/UMDcuShpETo&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

How toolkits (like react-scripts) work
https://youtu.be/ZWfY-v1DCTE&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Installing Gatsby
https://youtu.be/GYzW7FcYQvg&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Intro to Docz Amazingly easy and powerful documentation
https://youtu.be/VCvum6COleQ&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Learn By Speaking
https://youtu.be/w4UXftfsGvg&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Quick Emojis input methods on Mac
https://youtu.be/ayVanacVcAI&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Reduce bundle size with @babelplugin-transform-runtime
https://youtu.be/O_wbkFdr3WM&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Releasing downshift 3.0.0
https://youtu.be/z7UXDsItspI&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Should you test child components or parent components Or both
https://youtu.be/0qmPdcV-rN8&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Stepping through React's code for lifecycles and setState
https://youtu.be/qKITFYvbIcg&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Use Promise.race to avoid the flash of loading state
https://youtu.be/QPDA4QwkJxk&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Using and writing custom babel macros with create-react-app v2
https://youtu.be/1ERAJG9ILhk&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Validation with HTMLInputElements
https://youtu.be/kN7-EBjSilU&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

What is `...` (the restspread syntax) in JavaScript
https://youtu.be/1KQ4QJ_gzrs&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

What's coming in downshift 3.0.0
https://youtu.be/32cz61bw2oI&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u
Videos 76-100