
Antoine Pitrou - Numba, a JIT compiler for fast numerical code
https://youtu.be/-3KMZEPXQNQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Eugene Amirov - Sustainable way of testing your code
https://youtu.be/FbKlSXTK98c&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Fernando Masanori Ashikaga - Data Structures with Python
https://youtu.be/3NdFVbNOZ1o&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Guido van Rossum - Type Hints for Python 3.5
https://youtu.be/Yqnrfa5ri7E&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Haikel Guemar - The Lightweight Cloud Servers War Begins
https://youtu.be/eaj74A9c82Y&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Holger Krekel - Keynote Towards a more effective, decentralized web
https://youtu.be/10XUZVKzfZA&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Honza Král - Beyond the basics with Elasticsearch
https://youtu.be/yIixWzjTNog&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Jose Ortega - Python Security & Cryptography
https://youtu.be/GsGHwfXwBpI&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Josef Heinen - Getting more out of Matplotlib with GR
https://youtu.be/XaoT65DUbYA&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Juan Manuel Santos - Salting things up in the sysadmin's world
https://youtu.be/w1zcUNMwac0&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Juan Riaza - Dive into Scrapy
https://youtu.be/2iV8VLZHcEE&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Larry Hastings - Python's Infamous GIL
https://youtu.be/4zeHStBowEk&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Lesuisse - Odoo the underdog python killer app. A python framework for web based business apps.
https://youtu.be/qQi9Vor-5-M&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Lynn Root - Metrics-driven development
https://youtu.be/URwL23hQn4U&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Maciej Kula - Speeding up search with locality sensitive hashing
https://youtu.be/NtAKQIrIU7w&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Max Brauer - Stop trying to glue your services together; import lymph
https://youtu.be/ThRO-1np5eE&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Michael Kuehne - TDD for APIs
https://youtu.be/Okz6agNgaTA&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Michal Hořejšek - Testing web apps with Selenium
https://youtu.be/gxNE1O9s-9w&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Petr Viktorin - Import Deep Dive
https://youtu.be/xm3nkXvUJ2k&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Radosław Jan Ganczarek - Code Quality in Python - tools and reasons
https://youtu.be/MA9zIXHwoag&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Radosław Jankiewicz - Writing quality code
https://youtu.be/05gOxcsup9c&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Rafał Nowicki - BDD You’re doing it wrong!
https://youtu.be/_X41eTYz-_k&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Roy Simkes - Preparing Apps for Dynamic Scaling
https://youtu.be/NKvayNMeSZM&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Vaidik Kapoor - Understanding Non-blocking IO
https://youtu.be/t0VljE9kq1Q&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Wilhelm - It's about time to take your medication! or how to write a friendly reminder bot ;-)
https://youtu.be/ztfdv9jcxtw&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP
Videos 51-75