
5 Years of Bad Ideas
https://youtu.be/8e0l_Dt28MQ

Advanced Aspects of the Django Ecosystem Haystack, Celery & Fabric
https://youtu.be/8SQbN5vhLto

Advanced Python
https://youtu.be/paK0-lkksIc

Best Practices for Python in the Cloud
https://youtu.be/nQWVlXlJwp0

Building a hosting platform with Python
https://youtu.be/Sg6RmIty9-w

Building a website with PyHP and Liwe
https://youtu.be/ssiC75EclxI

Challenges in developing a large Django site
https://youtu.be/GyC7ilNTNiY

Data Plumbing with Python
https://youtu.be/Bb3YEqtHvGs

Developing cutting-edge applications with PyQt
https://youtu.be/6ko-tO-3bJ0

Experiences making CPU-bound tasks run much faster
https://youtu.be/F7NOKSP_vlQ

Exploring CPython's bytecode
https://youtu.be/YeSn9aovFCg

Gestione di processi clinici in Python un caso d'uso
https://youtu.be/l7e6NmyWclM

Latest advances in the Google APIs platform
https://youtu.be/pJqSbhGIhWU

PyHP and the art of dating girls
https://youtu.be/2pMUt1cIiEk

PyPy hands-on
https://youtu.be/J1ZTPi06awk

Python + Oracle = Prosperity & Performance
https://youtu.be/jUrgMpBkynI

Python at Cloudkick
https://youtu.be/eKz5-hzGZoM

Python's other collection types and algorithms
https://youtu.be/7QiuxqEpq2o

Remote execution of Python scripts using Viri
https://youtu.be/SGz5RZEOMFE

Social Network Analysis con Python
https://youtu.be/oN02lznMDE8

Sqlkit database ad accesso immediato
https://youtu.be/nx04zGh3gME

Ubuntu e la programmazione occasionale
https://youtu.be/qkB-ZqqyYrY

Using Python in Software for the Medical Industry
https://youtu.be/SFi7LpBr-JY

Web API Mashups in a Python Application
https://youtu.be/Z_q-52ap-Vg
Videos 1526-1550