
A United Kingdom Official 'Independence' Trailer (2016) - Rosamund Pike Movie
https://youtu.be/XTGaO9kVvEw

Allied Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Brad Pitt Movie
https://youtu.be/Jlp94-C31cY

Army of One Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Nicolas Cage Movie
https://youtu.be/98oxZOM_niU

Get Out Official Trailer 1 (2017) - Daniel Kaluuya Movie
https://youtu.be/DzfpyUB60YY

Jackie Official Trailer - Teaser (2016) - Natalie Portman Movie
https://youtu.be/jjClaFDhSCs

John Wick Chapter 2 Official Sneak Peak (2017) - Keanu Reeves Movie
https://youtu.be/UUQ-Xw4EgXs

John Wick Chapter 2 Official Trailer - Teaser (2017) - Keanu Reeves Movie
https://youtu.be/KGh16qHmUck

Leap! Official International Trailer 1 (2016) - Elle Fanning Movie
https://youtu.be/RQBkvddF32I

Life on the Line Official Trailer 1 (2016) - John Travolta Movie
https://youtu.be/QlawwBCTP2M

Patriots Day Official Trailer 1 (2017) - Mark Wahlberg Movie
https://youtu.be/LLJp96zInUQ

Power Rangers Official Trailer - Teaser (2017) - Bryan Cranston Movie
https://youtu.be/M5Kgm2I-jFU

Resident Evil The Final Chapter Official Trailer 2 (2017) - Milla Jovovich Movie
https://youtu.be/Zxo0aoetVAo

Sleepless Official Sneak Peek 1 (2017) - Jamie Foxx Movie
https://youtu.be/Cp3Yr0PjXMs

Sleepless Official Trailer 1 (2017) - Jamie Foxx Movie
https://youtu.be/LzWNDXwRbLY

The Edge of Seventeen Official Red Band Trailer 2 (2016) - Hailee Steinfeld Movie
https://youtu.be/m_MN-0JNyDY

The Girl on a Train, The Birth of a Nation, Middle School  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/yapa4imMDTY

The Great Wall Official Trailer 2 (2017) - Matt Damon Movie
https://youtu.be/av85pHZcncE

The Hollow Point Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Patrick Wilson Movie
https://youtu.be/RQ895747WYA

The Many Phases of Ben Affleck's Career
https://youtu.be/QGqTWPRngiA

The Monster Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Zoe Kazan Movie
https://youtu.be/RUYyqIAiJVc

The Take Official US Release Trailer 1 (2016) - Idris Elba Movie
https://youtu.be/23I6KFna8Fk

Top 5 Ways Kevin Hart Makes You Pee Your Pants Laughing
https://youtu.be/0Cjn36bJP4U

Trash Fire Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Adrian Grenier Movie
https://youtu.be/gfoujIXCMzc

Underworld Blood Wars Official Trailer 2 (2017) - Kate Beckinsale Movie
https://youtu.be/QSlaWHDu5WU

War for the Planet of the Apes Official Viral Video (2017) - Andy Serkis Movie
https://youtu.be/huYh0fIRJRk
Videos 3926-3950