
A Dance with Tools — Iulian Dragoş
https://youtu.be/c1tIbHATjB0&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb_mTi_hC46-nC1qPOv5y6M

A Deep Dive into Scalac — Chris Birchall
https://youtu.be/2742pWdUm6c&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb_mTi_hC46-nC1qPOv5y6M

A Snorkelling Excersion into Bugfixing — Simon Ochsenreither
https://youtu.be/_m4CiBL6Vl4&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb_mTi_hC46-nC1qPOv5y6M

An Unexceptional Scalaz Workshop — Chris Marshall
https://youtu.be/ilKb66-PCm0&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb_mTi_hC46-nC1qPOv5y6M

Constraints Liberate, Liberties Constrain — Runar Bjarnason
https://youtu.be/GqmsQeSzMdw&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb_mTi_hC46-nC1qPOv5y6M

Formal Logic Undressed — Paul Snively
https://youtu.be/saMtzIaDCJM&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb_mTi_hC46-nC1qPOv5y6M

Functional Patterns in Domain Modeling — Debasish Ghosh
https://youtu.be/U0Rk9Knq8Vk&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb_mTi_hC46-nC1qPOv5y6M

Hands-on Dotty — Dmitry Petrashko
https://youtu.be/aftdOFuVU1o&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb_mTi_hC46-nC1qPOv5y6M

Hands-on Scala.Meta — Eugene Burmako
https://youtu.be/RBjZ7OxFxxg&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb_mTi_hC46-nC1qPOv5y6M

Hands-on Typelevel Scala — George Leontiev
https://youtu.be/h1r5yZ1XYfY&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb_mTi_hC46-nC1qPOv5y6M

Kittens Shapeless Typeclass Derivation for Cats — Miles Sabin
https://youtu.be/fM7x2oWSM70&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb_mTi_hC46-nC1qPOv5y6M

Lawful Asynchronous Programming — Daniel Spiewak
https://youtu.be/B0L91sW3XHw&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb_mTi_hC46-nC1qPOv5y6M

Minimizing the Slippery Surface of Failure — Jon Pretty
https://youtu.be/26UHdZUsKkE&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb_mTi_hC46-nC1qPOv5y6M

Move Over Free Monads Make Way for Free Applicatives! — John de Goes
https://youtu.be/H28QqxO7Ihc&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb_mTi_hC46-nC1qPOv5y6M

Practical Binary with Scodec — Michael Pilquist
https://youtu.be/jM21a-t4JnQ&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb_mTi_hC46-nC1qPOv5y6M

Principles for Modular, Functional, Approachable Libraries — Erik Osheim
https://youtu.be/iKyIKozv8a8&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb_mTi_hC46-nC1qPOv5y6M

Précepte — Julien Tournay & Pascal Voitot
https://youtu.be/Cs6HmoQbQwc&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb_mTi_hC46-nC1qPOv5y6M

Reactive Streams  Akka Streams — Mathias Doenitz & Johannes Rudolph
https://youtu.be/6VBn9V3S2aQ&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb_mTi_hC46-nC1qPOv5y6M

Scala and the JVM as a Big Data Platform — Dean Wampler
https://youtu.be/7mzsZq__Oh4&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb_mTi_hC46-nC1qPOv5y6M

Scala.js Workshop — Sébastien Doeraene
https://youtu.be/4tM-jwlfvLg&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb_mTi_hC46-nC1qPOv5y6M

Simplifying Scala Collections — Bill Venners
https://youtu.be/UBjzbkhvYTU&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb_mTi_hC46-nC1qPOv5y6M

The Need for Async — Konrad Malawski
https://youtu.be/TTrBzWIqdo0&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb_mTi_hC46-nC1qPOv5y6M

Type-Driven Development in Idris — Edwin Brady
https://youtu.be/X36ye-1x_HQ&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb_mTi_hC46-nC1qPOv5y6M

Typelevel Programming 101 The Subspace of Scala — Joe Barnes
https://youtu.be/_-J4YRI1rAw&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb_mTi_hC46-nC1qPOv5y6M

When Types are Not Enough — Lars Hupel
https://youtu.be/NGZRBgp5G5M&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb_mTi_hC46-nC1qPOv5y6M
Videos 1-25