
AB Testing in Python - Raul Maldonado
https://youtu.be/QWeMYnlNtzY&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Accelerating Driver Development with CircuitPython - Bryan Siepert
https://youtu.be/DdB3QS4_QQU&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Airflow in Practice  Stop Worrying Start Loving DAGs - Sarah Schattschneider
https://youtu.be/XD7euLOzKbs&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

allofplos - Sebastian Bassi
https://youtu.be/BQmW44Mug58&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

An Intro to Load Testing with Locust and Python - Gabriel Boorse
https://youtu.be/uvs4cq6JCeU&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Ask the Ecosystem  Lessons from 200+ FOSS Applications - Mahmoud Hashemi
https://youtu.be/JSiukgTcI4k&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Audio Processing and ML using Python - Jyotika Singh
https://youtu.be/ocWuTpEG_LQ&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Avoiding if name ==   main - James Abel
https://youtu.be/xqZD4dgS3yE&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Awards
https://youtu.be/RyGRx7xzF_U&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Beyond Paradigms - Luciano Ramalho
https://youtu.be/qULtKdVdPY4&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Browser security with HTTP headers - David Lord
https://youtu.be/ZsrjRhFi90s&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Building contextual AI assistants with OSS tools - Justina Petraityte
https://youtu.be/3IbsnctEkRc&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Customizing Sphinx - Paul Everitt
https://youtu.be/ERaCrIc9Fw4&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Data Access at Kiva org - melissa fabros
https://youtu.be/pn86zThtnww&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Generate Extrude Build - Julia Ma
https://youtu.be/sXmraYomR1E&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Getting Specific About Algorithmic Bias - Rachel Thomas
https://youtu.be/S-6YGPrmtYc&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

How growing vegetables makes me a bettery programmer - Shaun Taylor Morgan
https://youtu.be/blbfs6i3buQ&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

How to Deal With Messy Sensor Data - Will Robers
https://youtu.be/T70P2ni8_Lg&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

How to Write Pytest Plugins - Darlene Wong
https://youtu.be/QwDhzFkE9J4&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Is Your ML Model Explainable  - Eric White
https://youtu.be/KmAyp5xyUv0&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Learning from Human Failures & Successes of PySpark - Adam Breindel
https://youtu.be/J3l3QaqIlOw&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Migrating from REST to GraphQL in Django - Manish Sinha
https://youtu.be/Jl4QRouhDIM&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Python + Terraform = ♥ - Wyatt Peterson
https://youtu.be/EEaQuVWbCMs&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Python and R for Advanced Analytics - Britton Stamper
https://youtu.be/eC29Fma3_MA&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Understanding Python’s Debugging Internals - Liran Haimovitch
https://youtu.be/JU4ZuvWqOak&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW
Videos 26-50