
10 Reasons Why I Abandoned Storyboards and Interface Builder
https://youtu.be/g6yz5oX5iWc&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JEmiWLKGsfaqKL9Vj8iem6M

10 Things You Go Through To Land Your First iOS Job
https://youtu.be/qwTLrmlfXg0&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JEmiWLKGsfaqKL9Vj8iem6M

5 Tips to Learning a New Programming Language
https://youtu.be/PHmOWjj99OY&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JEmiWLKGsfaqKL9Vj8iem6M

6 Reasons Why I Love Being an iOS Engineer
https://youtu.be/W8vPe3--rlA&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JEmiWLKGsfaqKL9Vj8iem6M

Advantages of Swift vs Objective C Should I just learn Swift
https://youtu.be/h3CKQajX99M&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JEmiWLKGsfaqKL9Vj8iem6M

Best Coding Practices to Show during Job Interviews
https://youtu.be/gnZh0CqOCA0&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JEmiWLKGsfaqKL9Vj8iem6M

Dangers of Xcode Updates, Firebase and How to Avoid Them
https://youtu.be/g87vdHUqenw&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JEmiWLKGsfaqKL9Vj8iem6M

How Do You Know You're Ready to Apply for Jobs
https://youtu.be/hqWSq3EqMeE&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JEmiWLKGsfaqKL9Vj8iem6M

How I Learn New Skills for the Job - Udemy, Udacity, College, Google
https://youtu.be/1RMkGkL9L3U&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JEmiWLKGsfaqKL9Vj8iem6M

How Important is Math to Software Engineering
https://youtu.be/VPQNztGmstQ&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JEmiWLKGsfaqKL9Vj8iem6M

How to Extract Icons from Apps using Photoshop
https://youtu.be/hbSj5v1xJ1c&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JEmiWLKGsfaqKL9Vj8iem6M

I Feel Like I'm Just Copying Code
https://youtu.be/5F45DWsLceg&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JEmiWLKGsfaqKL9Vj8iem6M

iOS 11 First Impressions June WWDC (iPad)
https://youtu.be/RE8wRE6rvpo&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JEmiWLKGsfaqKL9Vj8iem6M

iOS Development Equipment Improving Productivity
https://youtu.be/35GTI4-fIeM&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JEmiWLKGsfaqKL9Vj8iem6M

Is College Important for iOS Engineers (Rant Warning...)
https://youtu.be/s1yVZlbvgrY&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JEmiWLKGsfaqKL9Vj8iem6M

Live Career Advice
https://youtu.be/H3o6CUU5TFc&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JEmiWLKGsfaqKL9Vj8iem6M

Private video
https://youtu.be/6t3ue7dX5WI&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JEmiWLKGsfaqKL9Vj8iem6M

Should You Attend Online or Real World Bootcamps
https://youtu.be/83Vkp5zM06s&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JEmiWLKGsfaqKL9Vj8iem6M

Swift 3.1 Changes and Interesting Highlights
https://youtu.be/tGC1vbphiPs&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JEmiWLKGsfaqKL9Vj8iem6M

Swift Interview Algorithms Stacks and Generics
https://youtu.be/RTpUKu9Ph_M&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JEmiWLKGsfaqKL9Vj8iem6M

Top 5 Programming Languages to Learn for 2017
https://youtu.be/SBVVtvQ-HBE&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JEmiWLKGsfaqKL9Vj8iem6M

Top 5 Sites on How Much Money Engineers Make For Annual Salary
https://youtu.be/OeKsKvn1PgU&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JEmiWLKGsfaqKL9Vj8iem6M

What is Unit Testing, Why We Use It, and Sample Test Cases
https://youtu.be/iWtxEDE1IR4&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JEmiWLKGsfaqKL9Vj8iem6M

Why I Quit my Full-time Job as an iOS Android Developer
https://youtu.be/ocwTTwrWUW4&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JEmiWLKGsfaqKL9Vj8iem6M

Why You Should Attend a Bootcamp, and Why You Shouldn't
https://youtu.be/4qheacd_0yc&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JEmiWLKGsfaqKL9Vj8iem6M
Videos 1-25