
(wrong cover) N  Defossé Designing a Real Time Control System based on Django, ZMQ and WebSockets
https://youtu.be/3uqA5hiyg78&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

A . Molina - Web Applications on Python3 and Python2 with TurboGears Part 2
https://youtu.be/czWNvlBPInc&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

A. Molina  -Web Applications on Python3 and Python2 with TurboGears Part 1
https://youtu.be/NqxpRjqvTIA&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Anders Lehman - Using iPython Notebook in the Classroom
https://youtu.be/0_vd9ctwQW4&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Andrew Mleczko - Take Back Control Over Your Work. Agile Tips For Python Developers
https://youtu.be/7o7WqOqiQ0U&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Cody Somerville - OpenStack on OpenStack Deploying OpenStack using OpenStack
https://youtu.be/mWhruFejlxU&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Daniel Pope - Programming physics games with Python and OpenGL
https://youtu.be/G0jWMoOEFxc&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Davide Corio - Kivy, Python RAD per lo sviluppo di applicazioni mobile e non solo
https://youtu.be/QycE3RJjA8g&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Domen Kožar - Tools for successful project development
https://youtu.be/wNBLD5tXHu4&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Extra Lightning Talks 03 July - 1
https://youtu.be/eoPbA1iMfRg&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Extra Lightning Talks 03 July - 2
https://youtu.be/Yvd38Tjw7k0&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

F. Caboni-A hands on introduction to software testing reloaded) Part 3
https://youtu.be/-HZpj70BuXI&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

G.  Salluzzo, A.  De Marco-  Mocket a Socket Mock Framework
https://youtu.be/-LvXbl5d02U&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

H. Krosing Python and PostgreSQL for Huge Data Warehouses
https://youtu.be/TGv33xl-HUs&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

M. Fötsch-  libspotify Add music to Python
https://youtu.be/W_jMjwSFgTw&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Marc-André Lemburg - Designing Large-Scale Applications in Python
https://youtu.be/DQkbth9RF08&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Mathieu Virbel - Kivy, versatile framework for mobile and desktop
https://youtu.be/Ksh0jqT81ls&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Mike Müller - Meta Programming - Some Use Cases for Everyday Programming
https://youtu.be/F3IQUzik3k4&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Mike Müller - The Python Paradox
https://youtu.be/s9X9CaLAYSc&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

R. De Ioris Writing websockets applications with uWSGI and Gevent
https://youtu.be/qmdk5mVLsHM&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

S. Deponti - Server side story
https://youtu.be/j-o2M_whft4&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

S. Trygubenko - Functional programming in Python and even Haskell Part 1
https://youtu.be/AxvhzYzhQEA&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Simone Orsi - Costruisci la tua piattaforma open-source di video-sharing in Python
https://youtu.be/W7MbKypiVvA&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

T.  Perl - Affordable Off The Shelf Augmented Reality in Python
https://youtu.be/Hn-XCv7rc7U&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

T.  Ziadé - Vaurien The Chaos TCP Proxy
https://youtu.be/3dCK0xI4054&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE
Videos 51-75