
Be Productive with JHipster by Julien Dubois and Deepu K Sasidharan
https://youtu.be/dzdjP3CPOCs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Continuous Delivery At GitHub by Alain Hélaïli
https://youtu.be/BJbGLERYVGk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Devoxx, where wireless dreams comes true by Glenn De Haes
https://youtu.be/D0TdOaISXWA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Docker for developers and ops what's new and what's next by Patrick Chanezon
https://youtu.be/3OohD03k-y0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Effective Service API Design by Elliotte Rusty Harold
https://youtu.be/JG00rfoWVeU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Elegant Builds at Scale with Gradle 3.0 by Hans Dockter
https://youtu.be/SuQXOpY2u5M&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Elixir - Easy fun for busy developers by David Schmitz
https://youtu.be/naNN_gJas2A&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Exploring Java 9 by Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/8XmYT89fBKg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Google Dataflow The New Open Model for Batch and Stream Processing by Sara Robinson & Robert Kubis
https://youtu.be/JZPTQrNKsqI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

graph databases and the panama papers by Stefan Armbruster
https://youtu.be/8VJ4njrA0TQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

How to Create a New JVM Language in Under an Hour by Oleg Šelajev
https://youtu.be/14hqB7Q0I58&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Java Language and Platform Futures A Sneak Peek by Brian Goetz
https://youtu.be/oGll155-vuQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Java on Google Cloud Platform by Patrick Flynn and Rajeev Dayal
https://youtu.be/9iaqAcbS2vU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Java on Mobile, WORA at your fingertips by Johan Vos
https://youtu.be/RIvQsG-VFYQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Migrate your traditional VM-based clusters to Containers by Arun Gupta
https://youtu.be/1-dB62t6jn8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Nuts and Bolts of Docker by Patrick Chanezon
https://youtu.be/fs1tG8PhGTE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Sharing 2 years experience using Scala in a real project by a Java team by Joost den Boer
https://youtu.be/uBaqV2exd5g&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Sherlock, a Watson Cognitive Computing Use Case by Sandhya Kapoor, James Weaver and Daniel De Luca
https://youtu.be/39IrbA8lSc4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Tensorflow and deep learning - without a PhD by Martin Görner
https://youtu.be/qyvlt7kiQoI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Testing made sweet with a Mockito by Jeroen Mols
https://youtu.be/DJDBl0vURD4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

The road to Node Package Manager Hell by Paul Watson
https://youtu.be/6qibcuTeaG4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Unikernels and Docker From revolution to evolution by Richard Mortier
https://youtu.be/f8uQ3ecEutY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Using Machine Learning to Enhance your Apps by Sara Robinson and Mete Atamel
https://youtu.be/kiy1uTW1CRI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Why you should really care about the blockchain by Sebastien Arbogast & Said Eloudrhiri
https://youtu.be/dQVxbPqlBkE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

“Right Size” your Services with WildFly Swarm by Heiko BraunDimitris Andreadis
https://youtu.be/S8L9qTaEO7Y&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s
Videos 26-50