
A shark-deterrent wetsuit (and it's not what you think)  Hamish Jolly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCIL2nvU4x8&list=

Alastair Parvin Architecture for the people by the people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mlt6kaNjoeI&list=

Alejandro Aravena My architectural philosophy Bring the community into the process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0I0Poe3qlg&list=

Avi Reichental What’s next in 3D printing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KOIsqRgJ3XM&list=

Chip Kidd The art of first impressions — in design and life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0nI65jgHG9o&list=

Chris Downey Design with the blind in mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apiScBmE6rA&list=

Design for All 5 Senses  Jinsop Lee  TED Talks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6wjC0sxD2o&list=

Diébédo Francis Kéré How to build with clay... and community
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MD23gIlr52Y&list=

Eben Bayer Are mushrooms the new plastic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmDENxTPn8Q&list=

Gary Lauder's new traffic sign Take Turns
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlty0OPcU6k&list=

Jacek Utko Can design save the newspaper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHuH8P_Vqc0&list=

James Patten The best computer interface Maybe ... your hands
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5WI6ZqCUNk0&list=

Jay Silver Hack a banana, make a keyboard!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kiUnJ1d8vvw&list=

Jinha Lee Reach into the computer and grab a pixel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJ33ixP9QG0&list=

John Hodgman Design, explained.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYgoqiX15Rw&list=

Juliana Rotich Meet BRCK, Internet access built for Africa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsJYrwzfd6w&list=

Kevin Surace invents eco-friendly drywall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSCsNcqY1mk&list=

Krista Donaldson The $80 prosthetic knee that's changing lives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LIy2oVJtJsA&list=

Manu Prakash A 50-cent microscope that folds like origami
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8cF5QPPmWU&list=

Marcin Jakubowski Open-sourced blueprints for civilization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GEMkvT0DEk&list=

Margaret Gould Stewart How giant websites design for you (and a billion others, too)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quJdL9ggETI&list=

Mark Kendall Demo A needle-free vaccine patch that's safer and way cheaper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGRy5VU-LfI&list=

Niels Diffrient Rethinking the way we sit down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UAq4yBdSYZs&list=

Paola Antonelli Treating design as art
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bdf1NnDZ8M&list=

Rory Sutherland Sweat the small stuff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkLcwHmnPV4&list=

Sergey Brin Why Google Glass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IessjPY9gwI&list=

Shigeru Ban Emergency shelters made from paper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q43uXdOKPD8&list=

Street Art for Hope and Peace  eL Seed  TED Talks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0k4IQ8fDCY&list=

Theaster Gates How to revive a neighborhood with imagination, beauty and art
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9ry1M7JlyE&list=

Thomas Goetz It's time to redesign medical data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bCGlWQnzDVE&list=

What if 3D printing was 100x faster  Joseph DeSimone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihR9SX7dgRo&list=

Xavier Vilalta Architecture at home in its community
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2G0wQfUl9EU&list=

Yves Behar Designing objects that tell stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGn8F4j6pH8&list=
Design of useful things