
Adriana Vasiu - Cutting-edge APIs using hypermedia at BSkyB
https://youtu.be/6vp8Hjx173E&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Alex Brasetvik - Elasticsearch from the bottom up
https://youtu.be/LDyxijDEqj4&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Austin Bingham - Python refactoring with Rope and Traad
https://youtu.be/ZPONLdNkLl4&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Chesnay Schepler - Big Data Analytics with Python using Stratosphere
https://youtu.be/4ldJAZRsFv8&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Deni Bertovic - Supercharge your development environment using Docker
https://youtu.be/e4SK_g5r6ig&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Dmitry Trofimov - Python Debugger Uncovered
https://youtu.be/YIhGbFW985c&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Domen Kožar - Rethinking packaging, development and deployment
https://youtu.be/7-mh2JdshEE&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Erik van Zijst - The inner guts of Bitbucket
https://youtu.be/iruHbfrI1IA&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Felix WickFlorian Wilhelm - How to Setup a new Python Project
https://youtu.be/r8Rqp2w_kHk&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Francesc Alted - Out-of-Core Columnar Datasets
https://youtu.be/kLP83HZvbfQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

juliass - Multiplatform binary packaging and distribution of your client apps
https://youtu.be/tKXpMVQIH2Y&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Julie Pichon - I want to help! How to make your first contribution to open-source.
https://youtu.be/x78LukPdwiM&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Mark Smith - Writing Awesome Command-Line Programs in Python
https://youtu.be/CJ7-SroGtZ8&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Matt - Full Stack Python
https://youtu.be/p3jedMvNkM0&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Michael König - Embedding Python Charming the Snake with C++
https://youtu.be/ffdsIcD2Yps&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Nicholas Tollerveyholger krekel - The Return of The Return of Peer to Peer Computing.
https://youtu.be/mp394EtSOJU&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Nicola Iarocci - Eve - REST APIs for Humans™
https://youtu.be/sM1TX3arQTA&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Peter Hoffmann - log everything with logstash and elasticsearch
https://youtu.be/pSGhdgJefAI&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Piotr Przymus  - Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Memory in Python But Were Afraid to Ask
https://youtu.be/YELZFKIDGEE&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Prashant Agrawal - Jigna a seamless Python-JS bridge to create rich HTML UIs for Python apps
https://youtu.be/d403gvJ4mOs&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Schlomo Schapiro - DevOps Risk Mitigation Test Driven Infrastructure
https://youtu.be/Rm2P6DB6-nU&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

ssc - Event discrete simulation with SimPy
https://youtu.be/WHhJJxakIO4&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Stefanie Lück - RISCy Business Development of a RNAi design and off-target prediction software
https://youtu.be/1s5f4VzCxcs&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Tom Christie - Documenting your project with MkDocs.
https://youtu.be/MMKsDtCN6G4&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

valentin - Compress Me, Stupid!
https://youtu.be/-kuobN7d1eU&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz
Videos 76-100