
AdMob Banner in Swift 4 (ANIMATED).url
https://youtu.be/R68UykMw_es&list=PL_csAAO9PQ8ZOA32VaSBUOg13ZRIgscAm

App Certificate - Apple Developer Portal Tutorial.url
https://youtu.be/rGxmviW8Icc&list=PL_csAAO9PQ8ZOA32VaSBUOg13ZRIgscAm

App Store Screenshots (Guidelines Fast & Easy!).url
https://youtu.be/WX81rQnEwm0&list=PL_csAAO9PQ8ZOA32VaSBUOg13ZRIgscAm

Auto Layout Swift Programmatically.url
https://youtu.be/tQxIf1XtXyw&list=PL_csAAO9PQ8ZOA32VaSBUOg13ZRIgscAm

Bundle Identifier.url
https://youtu.be/6lwmCF8HHbA&list=PL_csAAO9PQ8ZOA32VaSBUOg13ZRIgscAm

Change App Name in iOS Xcode.url
https://youtu.be/dD1bkqtwMCY&list=PL_csAAO9PQ8ZOA32VaSBUOg13ZRIgscAm

Errors & Warnings in Xcode 10.url
https://youtu.be/u9kSfnD89g4&list=PL_csAAO9PQ8ZOA32VaSBUOg13ZRIgscAm

Game Center Leaderboards!.url
https://youtu.be/FinMa7QwoYU&list=PL_csAAO9PQ8ZOA32VaSBUOg13ZRIgscAm

How to Create App Icons for iOS.url
https://youtu.be/kVL7nAtcAzA&list=PL_csAAO9PQ8ZOA32VaSBUOg13ZRIgscAm

How to Launch an App with App Store Dominations - 30 Days Challenge.url
https://youtu.be/T0xqNl_HUjg&list=PL_csAAO9PQ8ZOA32VaSBUOg13ZRIgscAm

How To Use GitHub with Xcode.url
https://youtu.be/IOmfmGdl-tg&list=PL_csAAO9PQ8ZOA32VaSBUOg13ZRIgscAm

In App Purchase iOS Non Consumable.url
https://youtu.be/16DH78RUGkk&list=PL_csAAO9PQ8ZOA32VaSBUOg13ZRIgscAm

iOS Localization.url
https://youtu.be/bOd3kjru8pc&list=PL_csAAO9PQ8ZOA32VaSBUOg13ZRIgscAm

Publish iOS App - App Store Connect Tutorial.url
https://youtu.be/0mhHodE_KAY&list=PL_csAAO9PQ8ZOA32VaSBUOg13ZRIgscAm

Share in SpriteKit with Swift 4 (EXAMPLE).url
https://youtu.be/Gp5rtlB11XA&list=PL_csAAO9PQ8ZOA32VaSBUOg13ZRIgscAm

Static Constants and Functions in Swift 4.url
https://youtu.be/z_jOmU7lcps&list=PL_csAAO9PQ8ZOA32VaSBUOg13ZRIgscAm

Subscription iOS.url
https://youtu.be/6Hjc7M93iaM&list=PL_csAAO9PQ8ZOA32VaSBUOg13ZRIgscAm

Transfer Data Between UIViewControllers in Swift 4.url
https://youtu.be/VIlMFqS8L38&list=PL_csAAO9PQ8ZOA32VaSBUOg13ZRIgscAm

Trello for Programmers - Software Project Management.url
https://youtu.be/iyFoQDyi6_M&list=PL_csAAO9PQ8ZOA32VaSBUOg13ZRIgscAm

Understanding Extensions in Swift 4 (2019).url
https://youtu.be/ImkAun-INcI&list=PL_csAAO9PQ8ZOA32VaSBUOg13ZRIgscAm

Upload App to App Store Connect.url
https://youtu.be/p5kZ6875Dvk&list=PL_csAAO9PQ8ZOA32VaSBUOg13ZRIgscAm

What is CocoaPods in Xcode.url
https://youtu.be/xw_SDzY_6CA&list=PL_csAAO9PQ8ZOA32VaSBUOg13ZRIgscAm

Xcode Storyboard.url
https://youtu.be/wqGKgxlntJY&list=PL_csAAO9PQ8ZOA32VaSBUOg13ZRIgscAm

Xcode Tutorial - How to download & Install Xcode for iOS Development.url
https://youtu.be/cVMA9aBhZpU&list=PL_csAAO9PQ8ZOA32VaSBUOg13ZRIgscAm

Xcode Tutorial for Beginners  ASD.url
https://youtu.be/MvEZqNr6d1E&list=PL_csAAO9PQ8ZOA32VaSBUOg13ZRIgscAm
Videos 1-25