
Advances in the MATLAB Editor and Live Editor
https://youtu.be/_6XkqnMmsWs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Architecture Modeling with System Composer
https://youtu.be/pTxWKuvgn8w&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Artificial Pancreas Control Using Fuzzy Logic
https://youtu.be/r8qQhdvxFmw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Automate Testing for UAV Obstacle Avoidance
https://youtu.be/lvYRSjcZqoA&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

CAN Bus Data Visualization with CAN Explorer
https://youtu.be/h2IVIBWUMUc&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Create Parking Lots in Driving Scenario
https://youtu.be/HQiku1g2PEw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Creating Views for Architecture Models in System Composer
https://youtu.be/q6Lahs97Hwk&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Design Robots for Smart Factory Applications
https://youtu.be/Z-WWkE1IOk4&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Detect and Plot Water Level Change with USB Webcam Live Editor Task
https://youtu.be/WIt6bhTYji8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Easily Edit Simulink Ports in the Editor
https://youtu.be/gwq0Ufohkhc&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Extremum Seeking Control for Anti-Lock Braking Systems
https://youtu.be/GIDY6zyK-Mo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Generating Tests with Test for Model Component Wizard
https://youtu.be/cym2oRyW188&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

How to Customize Generated ASAP2(a2l) File Using Calibration Profile
https://youtu.be/CMjoEmVxCQY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

How to Organize Large Projects into Components
https://youtu.be/nUnRC2uwpHo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

How to Tune PI Controllers for a PMSM
https://youtu.be/T8DYNOcEDmU&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Hydraulic Actuation of an Automotive Clutch Using Simscape Fluids
https://youtu.be/ka5WP1EOfYU&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Interactively Extract Spectral Features for Fault Identification
https://youtu.be/uvvhJhogBLA&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Learn Simulink Products at Your Own Pace
https://youtu.be/_Hnf1a7Ehfo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

MATLAB as a Global Tool in Jenkins
https://youtu.be/gMVvs6hU2x0&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Model Reference Acclerator Mode Linearization
https://youtu.be/ndp6qACekK0&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Rapid Parameter Sweeps and Hardware-in-the-Loop Testing with Simscape Driveline
https://youtu.be/cbo83A8K_4w&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Search and Replace Text in Simulink Models Using Finder
https://youtu.be/INV0j3a7J0g&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Speed Up Simulations Using SIMD Instructions
https://youtu.be/2yZrG-accRM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

System Composer Architecting Physical Systems with Simscape
https://youtu.be/T6kURKNjg0Q&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Using MATLAB with GitHub Actions
https://youtu.be/Qj5upV0Qm1o&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ
Videos 126-150