
A quick introduction to AWS Kinesis by Oliver Geisser
https://youtu.be/YHfLNZPhvpY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Algorithmic 3-D Modeling, Language Modeling and Visual Programming by Michael Hoffer
https://youtu.be/13lv_rbbvCI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Architecting for an Agile Journey that is as good as the End by Ilchenko Andrei
https://youtu.be/e-gkSIL18hQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Badass Microservices – Deploy, Build and Scale Your Apps with Payara Micro by Navin Surtani
https://youtu.be/mnS4CJLuTis&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

CDI 2.0 is coming by Antoine Sabot-DurandJosé Paumard
https://youtu.be/PGlNHfS9e9g&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Chaos Engineering by Lorin Hochstein
https://youtu.be/vq4QZ4_YDok&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Developing and deploying Java-based microservices in Kubernetes by Ray Tsang
https://youtu.be/kT1vmK0r184&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Devoxx Registration Creating our own Android Printer Driver by Alex Van Boxel
https://youtu.be/fk-cAfnEGVk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Dropwizard entering JEE land in a box by Koen Roevens
https://youtu.be/ZkAeDAWnFrk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Fast Rest API building with Unfiltered by Joost den Boer
https://youtu.be/yj2zAMdVxFs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

From Jurassic Web to offline-first and more with Service Workers by Hubert Sablonnière
https://youtu.be/SltjVpgTaCo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

From object oriented to functional domain modeling by Mario Fusco
https://youtu.be/K6BmGBzIqW0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

From Startup Manifesto to Startup Nation by Karen Boers
https://youtu.be/wGc9-_p5FTA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Get Reactive by Wolfram RittmeyerPascal Welsch
https://youtu.be/ssC4nX_pP3o&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Hardware Prototyping for Software People by Taylan Pince
https://youtu.be/7cT3lzdnFB0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Java Generics Past, Present and Futurit by Richard WarburtonRaoul-Gabriel Urma
https://youtu.be/LEAoMMEIUXk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Life of a Twitter JVM engineer the garbage keeps coming... Tony Printezis
https://youtu.be/M9o1LVfGp2A&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Microservices and Modularity or the difference between treatment and cure! by Milen Dyankov
https://youtu.be/O77777Zy_HE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Offline-first web and mobile apps with Polymer and Vaadin by AMahdy AbdElAziz
https://youtu.be/xXrtBI9wD2E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Process-driven applications let BPM do (some of) your work by Kris Verlaenen
https://youtu.be/oW4__q2iaJs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Real World Use Cases for Tachyon, a memory-centric distributed storage system by Haoyuan Li
https://youtu.be/C0owVdxItG8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Terracotta’s OffHeap Explained by Chris Dennis
https://youtu.be/xCojSZMp_Zw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

The Twelve Factor app Best Practices for Java Deployment by Joe Kutner
https://youtu.be/94PxlbuizCU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

vert.x 3 - be reactive on the JVM but not only in Java by Clement EscoffierPaulo Lopes
https://youtu.be/qL5BGHPXrac&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Without Resilience, Nothing Else Matters by Jonas Bonér
https://youtu.be/NjPVJ7ZKLnY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb
Videos 126-150