
A Hitchhiker's Guide to the Functional Exception Handling in Java - Grzegorz Piwowarek
https://youtu.be/zko8R_alQgw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

A Look Back at Enterprise Integration Patterns and Their Use into Today's... - Bruno Borges
https://youtu.be/EbTZ5nSJQwI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

A Visual Introduction to Inner-Workings of the JVM - Douglas Hawkins
https://youtu.be/JLFjY6Ixct8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Blockchain scaling - Lightning Network - Tomasz Konieczny
https://youtu.be/pL5TuQFaQmk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Building responsive, scalable systems with asynchrony and flow control - Christopher Batey
https://youtu.be/FttlADiAqzo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Closing - Grzegorz Duda
https://youtu.be/JJJdglxjWaE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Clustered Event Sourcing and CQRS with Akka and Java - Hugh McKee
https://youtu.be/15sWtXtKTr8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Dismantling a Progressive Web App - AMahdy Abdelaziz
https://youtu.be/jeCOP4IhFrI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Do not walk away from Complexity, Run - Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/nZcLHkORdHE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Docs in the self-documenting world - Wojtek Erbetowski
https://youtu.be/2tfzU98B29g&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Don’t use Reactive Streams in Java 9+ - Jacek Kunicki
https://youtu.be/_stAxdjx8qk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Eclipse collections by example - Pawel Klaczewski
https://youtu.be/mx_DEuKP398&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Fn Project – an open source container native serverless platform - Matthew Gilliard
https://youtu.be/xwLxHB_FSjY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Go Kotlin Go! - Uberto Barbini
https://youtu.be/KQWQGNnAjLA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

IPFS and how to distribute the web - Fredrik Rubensson
https://youtu.be/4zS396s_-s4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Java Performance Puzzlers 2018 -- New Performance Puzzles - Douglas Hawkins
https://youtu.be/zdz_pf22nOI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Lean WebApps with Skinny Miniservices #usetheplatfom - Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/BoMT17rbd-k&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Level-up your culture - Tomasz Dubikowski
https://youtu.be/0lj4bjJqXIU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Models vs Reality Quest for the Roots of Complexity - Julian Warszawski
https://youtu.be/HALhnqnOgbk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Processing Streaming Data with KSQL - Tim Berglund
https://youtu.be/LM-aQQQes4Q&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Progressive Web Apps Your web app on steroids - Maxence Poutord
https://youtu.be/6Qids36T7DA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Staying pure and functional with Spring 5 - Jarek Ratajski
https://youtu.be/VwjvXLb2SqQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

The Art of Web API Design - Paweł Zajączkowski
https://youtu.be/lUbompq-Muc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

The Database Unbundled Commit Logs in an Age of Microservices - Tim Berglund
https://youtu.be/KU-GV6k-1AY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Thinking Architecturally - Nate Schutta
https://youtu.be/EfKT1dgsLFA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc
Videos 51-75