
Containerize your developer experience (Dockercon EU 2015)
https://youtu.be/1BL7yrV1BBQ

justforfunc #27 two ways of merging N channels
https://youtu.be/B64hIRjNvLc

justforfunc #28 Basic Benchmarks
https://youtu.be/2AulMm-hsdI

justforfunc #29 dependency injection in a code review
https://youtu.be/ifBUfIb7kdo

justforfunc #30 The Basics of Protocol Buffers
https://youtu.be/_jQ3i_fyqGA

justforfunc #31 gRPC Basics
https://youtu.be/uolTUtioIrc

justforfunc #32 CLI tools with Cobra
https://youtu.be/WvWPGVKLvR4

justforfunc #33 the Rise And Fall of CORBA
https://youtu.be/zgSZNCltUD0

justforfunc #34 Plotting Data with gonumplot (ML4G #1)
https://youtu.be/ihP7lQivA6M

justforfunc #35 Implementing the tree command from scratch
https://youtu.be/XbKSssBftLM

justforfunc #36 Versions, build constraints, and ldflags
https://youtu.be/-XSlev-d7UY

justforfunc #37 sync.Pool from the pool
https://youtu.be/rfXSrgIGrKo

justforfunc #38 Linear Regression with Gradient Descent (ML4G #2)
https://youtu.be/ZPd_fKyrX48

justforfunc #39 code reviews are back!
https://youtu.be/ijoM44hksmY

justforfunc #40 CSVQL - serving CSV with SQL (part 1)
https://youtu.be/bcRDXAraprk

justforfunc #41 CSVQL - serving CSV with SQL (part 2)
https://youtu.be/wIrS5Lqi-xg

justforfunc #42 Intro to Go Modules and SemVer
https://youtu.be/aeF3l-zmPsY

justforfunc #43 Migrating Go Modules to v2+
https://youtu.be/H_4eRD8aegk

justforfunc live getting started with Tensorflow Go
https://youtu.be/skJitN1vZG0

justforfunc live hacking on a CLI with cobra, gRPC, and Docker
https://youtu.be/9Uq8msb_lPc

justforfunc live trying linear regression with gonum
https://youtu.be/qC0gUrNXezM

justforfunclive Advent of Code day 4
https://youtu.be/7YPaozbYPDk

justforfunclive Advent of Code day 5
https://youtu.be/pZyPKOk9vZo

justforfunclive Advent of Code days 1-3
https://youtu.be/d5Ay3q4u3oE

State of Go 2020 changes since Go 1.12
https://youtu.be/0c-1KJwSMCw
Videos 1-25