
Episode #066 - Managing Servers with Ansible
https://youtu.be/B-UL8KG2_o8&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #067 - Decoding and Interacting with Barcodes
https://youtu.be/qzbHxlQAa5o&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #068 - Working with Internationalization
https://youtu.be/HLb0hEgrXTc&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #069 - Ruby on Rails 5.1.0 Changes and New Features
https://youtu.be/axKOOsXf8M4&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #070 - Nested Forms from Scratch
https://youtu.be/pulzZxPkgmE&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #071 - Nested Forms with Cocoon
https://youtu.be/56xjUOAAZY8&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #072 - Intro to Docker on Windows
https://youtu.be/JBIjDh3TQa0&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #073 - Pagination with Kaminari
https://youtu.be/dqDcPOlwisM&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #074 - Page Specific Javascript in Ruby on Rails
https://youtu.be/dDxNlYQBcEc&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #075 - Drag and Drop with Interact.js
https://youtu.be/fhnHA7PWq0g&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #076 - Javascript Select Form Fields with Chosen
https://youtu.be/KfJyHbZFyFg&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #077 - Cropping Images with JCrop
https://youtu.be/H1gBKPC_g3U&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #078 - Counter Caching Associations
https://youtu.be/YGMxkufS_Kk&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #079 - Mountable Engines
https://youtu.be/kuRJn2d2kog&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #080 - Routing Partials
https://youtu.be/E2x1AAErazI&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #081 - Bootstrap Framework and Ruby on Rails
https://youtu.be/aJ_dXX5SsXs&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #082 - DataTables
https://youtu.be/7BElkjyZGvo&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #083 - Autocomplete with HTML Results
https://youtu.be/27kBii2QC2E&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #084 - Geocoding, Places and Maps
https://youtu.be/4iAjdTrgAvs&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #085 - Working with Subdomains
https://youtu.be/ycQdODGU6yA&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #086 - Plotting Points on a Map from Scratch
https://youtu.be/LiwMLeHuT4k&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #087 - Virtual Columns in MySQL
https://youtu.be/uiI_tZyQDZo&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #088 - Virtual Columns with JSON Data Types
https://youtu.be/sDK5YMBpiy4&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #089 - Creating Custom Ruby on Rails Generators
https://youtu.be/3Y9fr3ndW8o&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #90 - Benchmarking and Refactoring the content_for View Helper
https://youtu.be/9lWD9Q8StaY&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP
Videos 76-100