
100% coverage is too high for apps!
https://youtu.be/O2tsvUJT09U&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Create a custom useLocalStorage React hook
https://youtu.be/yu3dnHrnps4&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Demystifying Testing
https://youtu.be/nULXS-rnHwM&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Effective unit testing
https://youtu.be/88yjJ0yYPio&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

From codesandbox ‚û°Ô∏è github ‚û°Ô∏è netlify (No downloads required!)
https://youtu.be/zv8t_axC-wQ&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

I'm out üö¢üëã
https://youtu.be/av-VJQKRrUc&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Improve a11y and usability of an icon component
https://youtu.be/-fn1RrJBTd0&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Introducing TestingJavaScript.com
https://youtu.be/hZFgyoImTx0&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

JavaScript Arrays filter + map vs reduce
https://youtu.be/BN77RUboguA&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Make a personal URL shortener with Airtable and Netlify Functions (DEPRECATED, SEE DESCRIPTION)
https://youtu.be/Xs-qvWqoi2U&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Make a SUPER simple personal URL shortener with Netlify
https://youtu.be/HL6paXyx6hM&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Parsing CSS with postcss
https://youtu.be/Zgxytl3HFR8&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

React Hooks Refactoring a render-prop-based component to use hooks!
https://youtu.be/_eVyLVFlSQk&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

React Hooks!!!!
https://youtu.be/0jlTw2XI7I8&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Setting up GitHub auth for a React App with Firebase
https://youtu.be/IjAcifkvLP4&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Test Driven Development When it works and when it doesn't
https://youtu.be/frF0sy5WPUk&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Testing Q&A You ask, I answer. Part 2!
https://youtu.be/B6JmpmuJAnU&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Testing Q&A You ask, I answer.
https://youtu.be/c2mY5UmO-KY&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

The Testing Trophy üèÜ An in depth look
https://youtu.be/RHKkEiQ58N0&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Tips Using Chrome DevTools Elements Panel
https://youtu.be/hXiuygqQBpo&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Updating an old React app (part 2)
https://youtu.be/SigTDZJZ7Ug&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Updating an outdated React app
https://youtu.be/klIE7IjEaAQ&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Use jest's expect module without jest
https://youtu.be/RWFOYe-G9Uw&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

What is the second argument in JSON.stringify
https://youtu.be/kegJuCsGWqQ&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

üî• Swapping Firebase with Netlify for GitHub auth üî•
https://youtu.be/h4y8AY6nI7s&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u
Videos 51-75