
Automate formatting and linting your code with pre-commit - Arthur Rio
https://youtu.be/Es-DDn2Wcew&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Automation using Python -  Gobind Agarwal
https://youtu.be/XliVsWZS_9Y&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

AWSimple - a simple API for basic AWS services (S3, DynamoDB, SNSSQS) - James Abel
https://youtu.be/JtB_GYVC5p8&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Building a Brand as a Python Programmer - Cory Althoff
https://youtu.be/sbjjA4d-Sf8&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Building Pytest Plug Ins - Phebe Polk
https://youtu.be/53UKm9AJ4v4&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Creating GUIs with PySimpleGUI - Michael Driscoll
https://youtu.be/rGhCgONDVzc&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Data Hut A directory of data science  data engineering libraries - Jeff Fischer
https://youtu.be/u6A_Hj55bT0&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Full-Stack Web With Nothing But Python - Meredydd Luff
https://youtu.be/OS4lEY-mPAs&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Hamilton An open source microframework for creating dataframes - Stefan Krawczyk
https://youtu.be/_XUYfwougz4&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

High Availability MySQL using Python - Nathan Coffield
https://youtu.be/8ETR2ENQgaE&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

How to deal with poor code analysis support - Vladimir Losev
https://youtu.be/ejCoT4WWdKQ&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

How to debug like Feynman and Bayes - Andy Schriner
https://youtu.be/fjQhcB3G2wI&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

How to Speed Up Scikit-Learn Model Training - Michael Galarnyk
https://youtu.be/gj4ekRfOB20&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Identity-Based Security in Decoupled Applications with Python and DANE - Ash Wilson
https://youtu.be/xaaRwW7QXoc&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Idiomatic Pandas 5 best-practices for pandas - Matt Harrison
https://youtu.be/4E-wBxE8mmU&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Make Awesome def Decorators Now - Phebe Polk
https://youtu.be/ZQTIA75TtBc&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

MLOps how to do it on AWS - Tyler Suard
https://youtu.be/Y96YVXnpBrc&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Python Memory Deep Dive for Speed and Efficiency - Michael Kennedy
https://youtu.be/zB-NlVWAKX4&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

PyWebIO A python-based NoJS Web App Development Framework - Helin Cao
https://youtu.be/ACRtlcsGRpM&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Regression Testing with Touca - Pejman Ghorbanzade
https://youtu.be/oBHnLIfI_MI&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

See what your functions are doing with Memory Profiler - Cory Atkins
https://youtu.be/CBTWacTfPuc&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Working with dates and times in Pandas - Reuven Lerner
https://youtu.be/akEzsgBQ0hU&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i
Videos 1-25