
A Crash Course in Modern Hardware by Cliff Click
https://youtu.be/OFgxAFdxYAQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

A JVM Does That by Dr Cliff Click
https://youtu.be/-vizTDSz8NU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Apache Spark If only it worked. by Marcin Szymaniuk
https://youtu.be/u8MXemztChU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Are you botching the security of your AngularJS application by Philippe De Ryck
https://youtu.be/-f4THuwmR7E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Behavior-Driven Development in Java with JGiven by Jan Schäfer
https://youtu.be/x-6bT_0dTWI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Better performance with HTTP2 by Julien Viet
https://youtu.be/ycA9orpQlxg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Building Chat Bots - The Next Gen UI by James Ward
https://youtu.be/Nqjfn4iHXjM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Cloud Native Development by Michael Willemse and Stef Ceyssens
https://youtu.be/2Gu2nuPs3Xo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Declarative Thinking, Declarative Practice by Kevlin Henney
https://youtu.be/NSzsYWckGd4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Deep Learning An Introduction by Breandan Considine
https://youtu.be/RouuW2APMqM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

DevOps on Android From one git push to a Play Store release by Jeremie Martinez
https://youtu.be/O58yq8B3shc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Elasticsearch + Hibernate from artisanal to industrial integration by Emmanuel BernardDavid Pilato
https://youtu.be/_NGnbON3xAo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Embedded Rust – Rust on IoT devices by Lars Gregori
https://youtu.be/9ev3xTDEhtw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Introduction to Modular Development by Alan Bateman
https://youtu.be/eALw4P_0O4k&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Machine Learning for Developers by Danilo Poccia and Sebastien Stormacq
https://youtu.be/un6hdGh7jUs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Make CSS Fun Again with Flexbox! by Hubert Sablonnière
https://youtu.be/1oKlYgsnyfw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Mission to Mars Exploring new worlds with AWS IoT by Jeroen Resoort
https://youtu.be/EgdVdAX_8a0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Modular monoliths by Simon Brown
https://youtu.be/kbKxmEeuvc4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Progressive Web Apps by Cyril balit and Florian Orpelière
https://youtu.be/zRDZBJIXn9s&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Property-Based Testing for everyone by Romeu Moura
https://youtu.be/5pwv3cuo3Qk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Reactive Machine Learning On and Beyond the JVM by Jeff Smith
https://youtu.be/akPLphTykwI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Reactive Microservices with Vert.x by Edson Yanaga and Burr Sutter
https://youtu.be/7IbdWcdlYOI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Rust as a support language by Geoffroy Couprie
https://youtu.be/e92Yrp3W_2I&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

The JVM and Docker. A good idea by Christopher Batey
https://youtu.be/6ePUiQuaUos&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Thinking In Parallel by Stuart Marks and Brian Goetz
https://youtu.be/2nup6Oizpcw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s
Videos 51-75