
A practical approach to Java Memory Model with Andrzej Czarny
https://youtu.be/pS5dPQwgnYo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

And now for something completely secure. with Tim Stamp
https://youtu.be/Qdm5BS-u920&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Asynchronous programming with Kotlin coroutines with Konrad Kamiński
https://youtu.be/EC9-CTwrg4U&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Common Vulnerabilities you wish your Java app didn't have! with Simon Maple
https://youtu.be/60x6TzlBmpA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Deep Dive Performance Tuning in Production
https://youtu.be/-aIGErebptM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Easy Microservices with JHipster with Sendil Kumar N
https://youtu.be/zW4GOiZUKuE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Engage! Bringing teams together to deliver software that makes a difference with John Smart
https://youtu.be/iz2Ygc4unhA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

GDPR Getting Data Privacy Right with Simon Crossley
https://youtu.be/bihlRzNIo5k&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

gRPC vs REST let the battle begin! with Alex Borysov & Mykyta Protsenko
https://youtu.be/KZ_2GO0LP2Q&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Istio Platform vs Spring and MicroProfile frameworks
https://youtu.be/lFj8X0VLOFQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

It's All About Morphisms with Uberto Barbini
https://youtu.be/f7kIjdvFaPA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Java SE 9 Modules an Introduction with Stephen Colebourne
https://youtu.be/eTcjU5JlEpI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Making the Shift Employee to Entrepreneur with Heather Wilde
https://youtu.be/KIRyk1tritU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Modern WordPress Deployment with CICD with Edmund Turbin
https://youtu.be/S1ShIKe7858&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Networks and Types -- the Future of Akka with Johan Andrén
https://youtu.be/zuEMDDxlOIA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Open Data And Visualizing with Neo4j with  Scott Sosna
https://youtu.be/5emCx1D_Qoc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Scala Beyond the basics with Christopher Batey
https://youtu.be/4QIgEMvUfIE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Start writing security tests now! with Nanne Baars
https://youtu.be/zCbeX38bEcs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Teaching kids about machine learning with Dale Lane
https://youtu.be/h2KqwwfKOuY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

The Future of Art with J. Rosenbaum
https://youtu.be/uqmFoTO9zxo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

To JAR Hell And Back - A Live Migration to Java 9 with Nicolai Parlog
https://youtu.be/ZF_WLtbEfqA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Troubleshooting & Debugging Production Microservices in Kubernetes with Ray Tsang
https://youtu.be/59yCUlQAe-s&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Version-Controlled Infrastructure with GitHub & Terraform with Seth Vargo
https://youtu.be/2TWqi7dLSro&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

WTF is PWA with Alan Semenov
https://youtu.be/hp1kXYVnRBY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

You got arrested by the CAP, you have the right to remain consistent with Aviran Mordo
https://youtu.be/uI0C10iIwp0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op
Videos 26-50