
Bruce Gray - Perl 6 and the Emergent Program.
https://youtu.be/DJCp6k1ts3g&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Buddy Burden - Making Dates Easy(er) in Perl
https://youtu.be/FV23EnZf3OY&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Dave Jacoby - Care and Feeding of your User Group
https://youtu.be/l4DiOu84qs8&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Dave Rolsky - Make Your Technical Hiring Process Suck at Least 20% Less
https://youtu.be/-JzgEl782Jg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

David Golden - Taking Perl to Eleven with Higher-Order Functions
https://youtu.be/USF4BHMFKbg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Graham Termarsch - Building a Culture of Learning and Sharing
https://youtu.be/4MYEfvHEj0c&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

James Keenan - Testing CPAN Against the Perl 5 Core Distribution Where Do We Stand
https://youtu.be/qtTZ4n3HA_E&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Jan Samborski - Training Your Inner Cowboy
https://youtu.be/9aIGHKvKe-s&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Jeffrey Goff - Reduce, Reuse, Recycle – Parsing in Perl 6
https://youtu.be/CxgELwuqj6o&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Jeremy Zawodny - Modernizing Legacy Perl Serving Millions Daily
https://youtu.be/P49gduedYh0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Jim Brandt -  TPF Welcome
https://youtu.be/bdNr0hQAsy4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Joelle Maslak - You’re Not Wanted Here!
https://youtu.be/ZqpCKisOL5k&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

John Anderson - Introduction to Git for non-developers
https://youtu.be/PuSFqiDm0YU&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

LIGHTNING TALK Chad Granum - gotofile – a batshit crazy idea
https://youtu.be/LoZFP_e27mk&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

LIGHTNING TALK Chris Nandor - Perl, in a Nutshell, in the key of F
https://youtu.be/Wdq3dyRBl70&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Michael Conrad - Building the Graphics of the DeLorean Digital Dash
https://youtu.be/FtaBVVm5IBc&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Michael La Grasta - Ambient Information or My desk has 80k hits on YouTube
https://youtu.be/lM6EwdofLh4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Mickey Nasriachi - Dancer From Scratch
https://youtu.be/-hIzHDQx8_U&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Nicolas R. - Learning XS by example
https://youtu.be/4rrcICCfxco&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Ruth Holloway - Discourse Without Drama
https://youtu.be/-lWnmVm5owQ&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Sawyer X - State Of The Velociraptors
https://youtu.be/jMDNlgts1Tw&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Stevan Little - UNIVERSALObject – All your base class are belong to us
https://youtu.be/lnleCcKqcv4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

VM Brasseur - Importance of an Ecosystem
https://youtu.be/ySWez59lhH0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Walt Mankowski - A Punch Card Ate My Program
https://youtu.be/Fh5HHj79ybw&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Will Coleda - Promises and More in Perl 6
https://youtu.be/moaGidO3eA4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO
Videos 1-25