
A Dance with Tools — Iulian Dragoş
https://youtu.be/c1tIbHATjB0&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

A Deep Dive into Scalac — Chris Birchall
https://youtu.be/2742pWdUm6c&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

A Snorkelling Excersion into Bugfixing — Simon Ochsenreither
https://youtu.be/_m4CiBL6Vl4&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Can we make concurrency in Scala safer—Philipp Haller
https://youtu.be/nwWvPeX6U9w&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

First-class Coroutines for Scala—Aleksandar Prokopec
https://youtu.be/B3hKOUtc4e0&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Functional Patterns in Domain Modeling — Debasish Ghosh
https://youtu.be/U0Rk9Knq8Vk&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Hands-on Typelevel Scala — George Leontiev
https://youtu.be/h1r5yZ1XYfY&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Kittens Shapeless Typeclass Derivation for Cats — Miles Sabin
https://youtu.be/fM7x2oWSM70&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Managing Your Resources—Denys Shabalin
https://youtu.be/MV2eJkwarT4&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Minimizing the Slippery Surface of Failure — Jon Pretty
https://youtu.be/26UHdZUsKkE&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Move Over Free Monads Make Way for Free Applicatives! — John de Goes
https://youtu.be/H28QqxO7Ihc&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Practical Binary with Scodec — Michael Pilquist
https://youtu.be/jM21a-t4JnQ&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Private video
https://youtu.be/E4n5GfkoERk&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Précepte — Julien Tournay & Pascal Voitot
https://youtu.be/Cs6HmoQbQwc&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Pure Functional Database Programming with Fixpoint Types—Rob Norris
https://youtu.be/7xSfLPD6tiQ&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Quaich A serverless Scala microframework for AWS Lambda—Brendan McAdams
https://youtu.be/xHLQcS5BGbo&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Scala and the JVM as a Big Data Platform — Dean Wampler
https://youtu.be/7mzsZq__Oh4&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Simplifying Scala Collections — Bill Venners
https://youtu.be/UBjzbkhvYTU&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Staged Parser Combinators—Manohar Jonnalagedda
https://youtu.be/Cc6QrgqsoVI&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Tales from Compiling to the JVM—Lukas Rytz
https://youtu.be/H3hPWvZtF4A&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

The Need for Async — Konrad Malawski
https://youtu.be/TTrBzWIqdo0&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

The Story of a Parallel Scala Library—Vlad Ureche
https://youtu.be/0VUDy37hszg&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Type-Driven Development in Idris — Edwin Brady
https://youtu.be/X36ye-1x_HQ&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Typelevel Programming 101 The Subspace of Scala — Joe Barnes
https://youtu.be/_-J4YRI1rAw&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

When Types are Not Enough — Lars Hupel
https://youtu.be/NGZRBgp5G5M&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B
Videos 1-25