
Black Friday Sale + Code Challenge!.url
https://youtu.be/YTCbYXjXTpQ

Build Your Swift Skills - Lesson 1 - The 4 skills you're about to learn.url
https://youtu.be/BOIxVeneX_A

Build Your Swift Skills - Lesson 2 - Where to Get Help on UIKit Classes.url
https://youtu.be/PIu7b0hc0LM

Build Your Swift Skills - Lesson 3 - Subclassing.url
https://youtu.be/fCyM525RM48

Build Your Swift Skills - Lesson 4 - Arrays.url
https://youtu.be/Z3USeqHs4X8

Build Your Swift Skills - Lesson 5 - Optionals.url
https://youtu.be/jO7Mog__Usk

Build Your Swift Skills - Lesson 6 - Dictionary.url
https://youtu.be/8Tx8RKdvUMw

Build Your Swift Skills - Lesson 7 - Loops.url
https://youtu.be/3B8joVTWVtc

How To Build a Match Game - Lesson 1 (Here's the app you'll build).url
https://youtu.be/ymQpuxCGptU

How To Build a Match Game - Lesson 2 (MVC Design Pattern).url
https://youtu.be/j8nmtC4NWdA

How To Build a Match Game - Lesson 3 (Project Setup).url
https://youtu.be/MXmoEm0j0yo

How To Build a Match Game - Lesson 4 (Custom Classes).url
https://youtu.be/36lh3xzagyw

How To Build a Match Game - Lesson 5 (Protocol & Delegates).url
https://youtu.be/zcD1tS8tiL0

How To Build a Match Game - Lesson 6 (Xcode Best Practices).url
https://youtu.be/8_s1-5r8kas

How To Build a Match Game - Lesson 7 (Xcode Debugging).url
https://youtu.be/bcK8wuQKS90

How To Build a Match Game - Lesson 8 (Card Flipping).url
https://youtu.be/oYHM-905OnU

How To Build a Match Game - Lesson 9 (Game Logic).url
https://youtu.be/nAJ7sDF39II

How to Make an App for Beginners - Lesson 10 (Making Decisions).url
https://youtu.be/5_xQg7wWFXw

How to Make an App for Beginners - Lesson 11 (What's Next).url
https://youtu.be/fWQmg0fhKIM

How to Make an App for Beginners - Lesson 5 (Swift Programming Basics).url
https://youtu.be/-zIBlg-I5BY

How to Make an App for Beginners - Lesson 6 (Functions).url
https://youtu.be/Z8uKuNiHfIQ

How to Make an App for Beginners - Lesson 7 (Classes).url
https://youtu.be/fLOIkGZvYm8

How to Make an App for Beginners - Lesson 8 (IBOutlets and IBActions).url
https://youtu.be/Fbwd7i209Co

How to Make an App for Beginners - Lesson 9 (Handling Taps).url
https://youtu.be/B0jR0M3eghg

iOS Debugging Code Challenge - The Mystery Card.url
https://youtu.be/X4Swg793Hj0
Videos 251-275