
Andy Wingo Stranger in these parts. A hired gun in the js corral.
https://youtu.be/hHytsQkVlhA&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHLGexQN3yT1617FekYdgN0

Avni Khatri & Chris Williams Diversity in computing
https://youtu.be/Moy1nWM3Zmg&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHLGexQN3yT1617FekYdgN0

Brian Ford Is Node.js Better
https://youtu.be/C5fa1LZYodQ&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHLGexQN3yT1617FekYdgN0

Brian McKenna Roy
https://youtu.be/w3ML8wlt1oU&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHLGexQN3yT1617FekYdgN0

Bruno Fernandez-Ruiz mojito your stuff runs on both sides
https://youtu.be/OY1VS61q3LM&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHLGexQN3yT1617FekYdgN0

Christopher Chedeau Morph C++ into JavaScript
https://youtu.be/D6stkg2Wm4w&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHLGexQN3yT1617FekYdgN0

Daniel Henry Holmes Ingalls Jr. The Live Web. Drag 'n drop in the cloud
https://youtu.be/QTJRwKOFddc&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHLGexQN3yT1617FekYdgN0

David Nolen Jelly stains. Thoughts on JavaScript, lips & play
https://youtu.be/AnzMEdC2FDk&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHLGexQN3yT1617FekYdgN0

Jacob Thornton Brûlons les musées
https://youtu.be/zwoiwoVNaCQ&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHLGexQN3yT1617FekYdgN0

Jake Archibald AppCache Douchebag
https://youtu.be/cR-TP6jOSQM&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHLGexQN3yT1617FekYdgN0

James Whelton Changing the world. One coderdojo at a time.
https://youtu.be/X0WSsQh4Bv4&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHLGexQN3yT1617FekYdgN0

Jarred Nicholls JavaScript on the GPU
https://youtu.be/ZcuMwjtAVqc&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHLGexQN3yT1617FekYdgN0

JSConf 2012 Welcome Video
https://youtu.be/vs6rCGwjzq8&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHLGexQN3yT1617FekYdgN0

Max Shawabkeh repl.it
https://youtu.be/XfxH-JDF7Xk&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHLGexQN3yT1617FekYdgN0

Nikolai Onken The Bikeshed Initiative
https://youtu.be/jn4LT9DbqjE&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHLGexQN3yT1617FekYdgN0

Paul Irish JavaScript tooling
https://youtu.be/uCosKn2prak&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHLGexQN3yT1617FekYdgN0

Remy Sharp Build anything
https://youtu.be/SPyIcrKbmhI&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHLGexQN3yT1617FekYdgN0

Rick Falkvinge Politics (or how we all make a difference)
https://youtu.be/MXgyEDoqtps&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHLGexQN3yT1617FekYdgN0

Stephan Herhut River trail. Parallel computing in JavaScript.
https://youtu.be/IcYsiVEIPhA&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHLGexQN3yT1617FekYdgN0

Thomas A Valletta The web game console
https://youtu.be/XtP7RWoKGRA&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHLGexQN3yT1617FekYdgN0

Vyacheslav Egorov one day of life in V8
https://youtu.be/Z_q6iw3h48s&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHLGexQN3yT1617FekYdgN0
JSConf US 2012