
15 iOS Developer Portfolios  Review.url
https://youtu.be/auDNAzGRA3k&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

37 Tips for Jr. Software Developers.url
https://youtu.be/jZ_BzV0DA58&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

5 Remote Developer Mistakes.url
https://youtu.be/LVSNV8ulrCg&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

5 Soft Skills for Software Engineers - ft. Mayuko.url
https://youtu.be/XHG6OBw_ig4&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

9 Things I Wish I Knew When I Started Programming.url
https://youtu.be/EgpKu1tAVMY&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

An App Idea Gold Mine.url
https://youtu.be/lqsi03z_7L8&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

App Store Universal Purchases - iOS & macOS apps - 1 Purchase!.url
https://youtu.be/S3LM6Izzeoo&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

Apple's Human Interface Guidelines Overview.url
https://youtu.be/1oi5YVzxqsE&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

Are you too old to learn code.url
https://youtu.be/WFSqVKozC88&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

Build Your Developer Network Using Twitter - 5 Tips.url
https://youtu.be/QH79tyspt-w&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

Developers SUCK at Marketing Themselves - Let's Fix It.url
https://youtu.be/1WcY4aT6un8&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

First Week on the Job as a Jr. iOS Developer.url
https://youtu.be/thXQGkxi_h4&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

Hired's 2020 State of Software Engineers Review.url
https://youtu.be/WXCCykDL5y0&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

How I Got My First iOS Developer Job in 7 months - Starting From Scratch.url
https://youtu.be/Y0qCWQDRWDw&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

How to Improve Your App's Onboard Process.url
https://youtu.be/xaLNqVdKDhE&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

I'm an AVERAGE Software Developer.url
https://youtu.be/00o8oBjhdhk&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

iOS Dev Origin Story - Paul Hudson - Hacking with Swift.url
https://youtu.be/2yIXXwfcbWk&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

iOS Developer Portfolio Reviews.url
https://youtu.be/RalX2hpOEas&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

iOS Development Podcasts.url
https://youtu.be/5Q3G6UhOAfs&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

Mobile App Landing Page Reviews - Viewer Submitted.url
https://youtu.be/foHRoQvaZkU&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

My iOS Developer Resume - Example and Review.url
https://youtu.be/vsPJP64AEIc&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

No, Swift is NOT dying... Response to Stefan Mischook - Google Flutter vs. Swift.url
https://youtu.be/6_I3Gg_XHsk&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

Private video.url
https://youtu.be/0F_ZHZOuSi4&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

Programmer Confidence - How to Improve.url
https://youtu.be/2pQ04FriBxs&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

Software Development The 9090 Rule.url
https://youtu.be/T1v_E0yuVBw&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq
Videos 26-50