
Python Basics 25 Horse Race Test Pt 1
https://youtu.be/TSrQMFTf94E&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMJYvVaWoTQFdCg_fbKRgqX

Python Basics 25 Horse Race Test pt 2
https://youtu.be/qS8hUo84HX4&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMJYvVaWoTQFdCg_fbKRgqX

Python Basics 25 Horse Race Test pt 3
https://youtu.be/jxL9LmrS2SI&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMJYvVaWoTQFdCg_fbKRgqX

Python Basics 25 Horse Race Test Uncut
https://youtu.be/TDRHNEbvvYs&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMJYvVaWoTQFdCg_fbKRgqX

Python Basics Better than average pt 2
https://youtu.be/85cWmnKr2EM&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMJYvVaWoTQFdCg_fbKRgqX

Python Basics Built-in Sorted Function
https://youtu.be/Hk8ZtsdrBAU&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMJYvVaWoTQFdCg_fbKRgqX

Python Basics Monty Hall Odds Pt  2
https://youtu.be/IGQw2qwyTUA&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMJYvVaWoTQFdCg_fbKRgqX

Python Basics Monty Hall Odds Pt  3
https://youtu.be/o9XLyc3WWoI&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMJYvVaWoTQFdCg_fbKRgqX

Python Basics Monty Hall OddsPt  1
https://youtu.be/8mbor291w2E&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMJYvVaWoTQFdCg_fbKRgqX

Python Basics Nested Functions
https://youtu.be/oFbVxObOyEc&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMJYvVaWoTQFdCg_fbKRgqX

Python Basics Round to closest 5 Part 1
https://youtu.be/FnG-8nEF3cs&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMJYvVaWoTQFdCg_fbKRgqX

Python Basics Round to closest 5 pt 2
https://youtu.be/mRNqLHCN0zI&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMJYvVaWoTQFdCg_fbKRgqX

Python Basics Round to closest 5 pt 3
https://youtu.be/CjBSyQItUik&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMJYvVaWoTQFdCg_fbKRgqX

Python Basics Round to closest 5 Uncut
https://youtu.be/21sStkhaBp4&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMJYvVaWoTQFdCg_fbKRgqX

Python Basics Rounding
https://youtu.be/diQzlyD0JXk&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMJYvVaWoTQFdCg_fbKRgqX

Python Basics Scope Nonlocal Variables
https://youtu.be/OaoswUojMqE&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMJYvVaWoTQFdCg_fbKRgqX

Python Basics Sort List of Lists pt 2
https://youtu.be/YuNXepZjkTU&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMJYvVaWoTQFdCg_fbKRgqX

Python Basics Sort List of Lists pt 3
https://youtu.be/1g0ne8YC4BA&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMJYvVaWoTQFdCg_fbKRgqX

Python Basics Sort List of Lists Pt. 1
https://youtu.be/SrSfRvyaueg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMJYvVaWoTQFdCg_fbKRgqX

Python Basics Sort List of Lists Uncut
https://youtu.be/oReW9YQc3DE&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMJYvVaWoTQFdCg_fbKRgqX

Python Basics String Format Phone Number
https://youtu.be/nUrSDdVTol0&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMJYvVaWoTQFdCg_fbKRgqX

Python Basics Sum All Positive Numbers
https://youtu.be/30nPCSkVPgA&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMJYvVaWoTQFdCg_fbKRgqX

Python Basics Time List comprehension and for loops
https://youtu.be/D0UEwoMTq28&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMJYvVaWoTQFdCg_fbKRgqX

Python Basics Tip Calculator
https://youtu.be/XVPz9CDga2M&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMJYvVaWoTQFdCg_fbKRgqX

Python Basics Type
https://youtu.be/QbcoVXqV9D8&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMJYvVaWoTQFdCg_fbKRgqX
Videos 26-50