
Abha Dawesar Life in the digital now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lV3trdyDdHE&list=

Allan Adams The discovery that could rewrite physics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdDjexbxVzM&list=

Andrew Connolly What's the next window into our universe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cI9vSC1eQ18&list=

Ash Beckham When to take a stand -- and when to let it go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MgnnQ2CN6yY&list=

Bjorn Lomborg Global priorities bigger than climate change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dtbn9zBfJSs&list=

Bob Thurman We can be Buddhas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5cZITQDTrE&list=

Bran Ferren To create for the ages, let's combine art and engineering
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qT3RpaBlJo&list=

Carne Ross An independent diplomat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2J6YOiLNr4&list=

Charles Robertson Africa's next boom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K-P7Hv_Zwg&list=

Christopher Soghoian Government surveillance — this is just the beginning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FrxDrpi1XNU&list=

Daniel Suarez The kill decision shouldn't belong to a robot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pMYYx_im5QI&list=

David Brooks Should you live for your résumé ... or your eulogy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MlLWTeApqIM&list=

David Puttnam What happens when the media's priority is profit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Br1AIvMrvAE&list=

Everything you think you know about addiction is wrong  Johann Hari
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PY9DcIMGxMs&list=

Glenn Greenwald Why privacy matters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcSlowAhvUk&list=

How to make hard choices  Ruth Chang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8GQZuzIdeQQ&list=

James B. Glattfelder Who controls the world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgbqXsA62Qs&list=

James Hansen Why I must speak out about climate change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWInyaMWBY8&list=

Jason Pontin Can technology solve our big problems
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZB50BfYlsDc&list=

John Searle Our shared condition -- consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqDgt12m26c&list=

Juan Enriquez Will our kids be a different species
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Syi9bqfFIdY&list=

Kwame Anthony Appiah Is religion good or bad (This is a trick question)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2et2KO8gcY&list=

Lesley Hazleton The doubt essential to faith
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ORDQFh0Byw&list=

Let the environment guide our development  Johan Rockstrom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgqtrlixYR4&list=

Margaret Heffernan The dangers of willful blindness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kn5JRgz3W0o&list=

Mariana Mazzucato Government -- investor, risk-taker, innovator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3r1IPsldbBg&list=

Martin Rees Can we prevent the end of the world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tMSU6k5-WXg&list=

Michael Porter Why business can be good at solving social problems
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0iIh5YYDR2o&list=

Michael Sandel Why we shouldn't trust markets with our civic life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3nsoN-LS8RQ&list=

Misha Glenny investigates global crime networks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XO1Me-MY-Q0&list=

Onora O'Neill What we don't understand about trust
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1PNX6M_dVsk&list=

Paddy Ashdown The global power shift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zuAj2F54bdo&list=

Rory Stewart Why democracy matters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IuQZ21spTRg&list=

Salvatore Iaconesi What happened when I open-sourced my brain cancer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9jb9UjCpik&list=

Steven Pinker and Rebecca Newberger Goldstein The long reach of reason
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uk7gKixqVNU&list=

Stewart Brand Building a home for the Clock of the Long Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tq000rAZBMc&list=

Stuart Firestein The pursuit of ignorance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nq0_zGzSc8g&list=

The 4 stories we tell ourselves about death  Stephen Cave
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PB7xs7UpIfY&list=

The state of the climate -- and what we might do about it  Nicholas Stern
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gmai4zkKNcM&list=

What is so special about the human brain  Suzana Herculano-Houzel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7_XH1CBzGw&list=

What will a future without secrets look like  Alessandro Acquisti
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_pqhMO3ZSY&list=

Which country does the most good for the world  Simon Anholt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1X7fZoDs9KU&list=

Why does the universe exist  Jim Holt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zORUUqJd81M&list=

Why we need the explorers  Brian Cox
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdwOlk6HIVc&list=

Ze Frank Are you human
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccIt-qRQBoI&list=
The big picture