
Ansible Configuration Management Simplified - Ausmarton Zarino Fernandes
https://youtu.be/BEumdXZ_pnA&list=PL6GW05BfqWIdsaaV35jcHWPWTI-DAw6Yn

Applications of Python in Robotics - Lentin Joseph
https://youtu.be/JcyKOSECgtk&list=PL6GW05BfqWIdsaaV35jcHWPWTI-DAw6Yn

Build your next python project Super fast,distributed and infinetely scalable, Using ZeroMQ
https://youtu.be/luQkcKhpd0c&list=PL6GW05BfqWIdsaaV35jcHWPWTI-DAw6Yn

Chugging Flask Gyaan from building REST APIs for an Android App - Aravind Krishnaswamy
https://youtu.be/swRtWJLUmLI&list=PL6GW05BfqWIdsaaV35jcHWPWTI-DAw6Yn

Data Visualization in PowerPoint with Python by Anand S
https://youtu.be/aKCXj1DyEhM&list=PL6GW05BfqWIdsaaV35jcHWPWTI-DAw6Yn

Dissecting memory mysteries of Python - Vishal Kanaujia
https://youtu.be/VBvCcuixQQE&list=PL6GW05BfqWIdsaaV35jcHWPWTI-DAw6Yn

Django Beyond Basics - Arun Ravindran
https://youtu.be/_PBvld1CuGU&list=PL6GW05BfqWIdsaaV35jcHWPWTI-DAw6Yn

Experiments in datamining ...  by Ekta Grover
https://youtu.be/YZ6TphLj2iY&list=PL6GW05BfqWIdsaaV35jcHWPWTI-DAw6Yn

Graph Everything - Kunal Kerkar
https://youtu.be/vIOuUmeMbeg&list=PL6GW05BfqWIdsaaV35jcHWPWTI-DAw6Yn

Implementation of pyCUDA - Aditya Atluri
https://youtu.be/ETA27VoB6b8&list=PL6GW05BfqWIdsaaV35jcHWPWTI-DAw6Yn

Internet of things - Arduino &lt;3 Python - Avik Dhupar
https://youtu.be/Uu268WFkpnU&list=PL6GW05BfqWIdsaaV35jcHWPWTI-DAw6Yn

Let's talk testing with Selenium by Anisha Narang
https://youtu.be/CZsl15aIq2Y&list=PL6GW05BfqWIdsaaV35jcHWPWTI-DAw6Yn

Logging on Steroids - How we manage logs at Inmobi - Ajay Yadav
https://youtu.be/7d5QKmGPh74&list=PL6GW05BfqWIdsaaV35jcHWPWTI-DAw6Yn

Making python Interactive and fun using IPython notebook - Konark Modi
https://youtu.be/FlAzqf6e8nI&list=PL6GW05BfqWIdsaaV35jcHWPWTI-DAw6Yn

Package and distribute your Python code - Sanket Saurav
https://youtu.be/ZfnWRe0J4UE&list=PL6GW05BfqWIdsaaV35jcHWPWTI-DAw6Yn

Predicting Black Swan Events - Michael McKerns
https://youtu.be/Jsv24N-JJbY&list=PL6GW05BfqWIdsaaV35jcHWPWTI-DAw6Yn

Python for Humans - Remix! by Kenneth Reitz
https://youtu.be/ri_gJ-Q9GlM&list=PL6GW05BfqWIdsaaV35jcHWPWTI-DAw6Yn

Python In Education (Panel Discussion)
https://youtu.be/GulvIug8GDQ&list=PL6GW05BfqWIdsaaV35jcHWPWTI-DAw6Yn

Python In Raspberry Pi - Sudar Muthu
https://youtu.be/dv6W4EuB_1c&list=PL6GW05BfqWIdsaaV35jcHWPWTI-DAw6Yn

Rapid development & integration of Real Time Communication in Websites - Chetan Giridhar
https://youtu.be/awa31geO_4M&list=PL6GW05BfqWIdsaaV35jcHWPWTI-DAw6Yn

Real-Time stream computation on graphs using Storm, Neo4j and Python - Sonal Raj
https://youtu.be/bp1NmA4rZuI&list=PL6GW05BfqWIdsaaV35jcHWPWTI-DAw6Yn

Scrape the web using Scrappy by Anuvarat Parashar
https://youtu.be/JqabCQkJF3g&list=PL6GW05BfqWIdsaaV35jcHWPWTI-DAw6Yn

The Paradox of Code Asset vs. Liability (Keynote Talk) by Kiran Jonnalagadda
https://youtu.be/_stsJlNgGfA&list=PL6GW05BfqWIdsaaV35jcHWPWTI-DAw6Yn

We're building Skynet and it loves Python! - Dhananjay Sathe
https://youtu.be/U98EN8owp4M&list=PL6GW05BfqWIdsaaV35jcHWPWTI-DAw6Yn
PyCon India 2013