
Keynote Modern Python through FastAPI and friends - Sebastián Ramírez
https://youtu.be/3qTBLhnS4to&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Keynote Observability in the Cloud - Alolita Sharma
https://youtu.be/2C3dLFaJk6M&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Keynote Role of Python, in Education and beyond - Ajith Kumar
https://youtu.be/RqtnBm7tfIs&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Keynote Type hints, protocols, and good sense - Luciano Ramalho
https://youtu.be/FmT_Tj7qlCo&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Lightning Talk AWS Lambda and Django - Arundas R
https://youtu.be/u4Ol71uSg-c&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Lightning Talk Building a RepRap 3D printer - Bhavin Gandhi
https://youtu.be/7XdXRkYwDrc&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Lightning Talk DORO - CLI based pomodoro app - Suresh Kumar
https://youtu.be/LMWZRUHL7R0&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Lightning Talk Right The Docs - Vipul Gupta
https://youtu.be/i8JlTx34SPU&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Lightning Talk Science Hack Day India - Hitesh Dharamadasani
https://youtu.be/yWYlaJwLGdI&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Lightning Talk Setting up Python 2.0 - Dhinesh
https://youtu.be/BKpMWYI19DY&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Lightning Talk SymPy - Nikhil Mann
https://youtu.be/tIveQlYqXQM&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Lightning Talk The DeepChem Project - Arun Thiagarajan
https://youtu.be/JEFrzjpf6d0&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Panel Discussion  Python in Space - Curiosity Sparks
https://youtu.be/ela1LECKXAI&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Panel Discussion Diversity in Cybersecurity
https://youtu.be/PXg2yLY31SA&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk A haphazard journey to a generative art twitter bot with matplotlib - Gautam Sisodia
https://youtu.be/bDWZdHC_UZE&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk A walk through caching patterns - Nicolas Frankel
https://youtu.be/jyVSAtvcL2A&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk Demystifying Async & Await keywords in Python and JavaScript - Kurian Benoy
https://youtu.be/ZRtnuGK-e7Y&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk Django and multi-tenancy The isolated database approach - N Aditya
https://youtu.be/aDEmuDS88Ms&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk Exploring Network Clusters in Python - Anand S
https://youtu.be/vEvHq4qW3bk&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk Idiomatic Pandas 5 Tips for Better Pandas Code - Matt Harrison
https://youtu.be/5xfNfRNspGA&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk On Device AI - Deep Learning on Mobile Devices - Sravya Yellapragada
https://youtu.be/R5QPp_M6JNA&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk PyCon India 2021 Day 1 Closing Address  - Chandan Kumar
https://youtu.be/krgEYHV0Bos&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk PyCon India 2021 Day 2 Opening Address - Chandan Kumar
https://youtu.be/01kkdXJYaYI&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk Python Versions and Dependencies Made Easy - Sebastian Witowski
https://youtu.be/VYAKzZ35m_8&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Writing your own Kubernetes operator and CRD in Python with kopf to enhance and harden your Kubernet
https://youtu.be/IAfAlmp0v74&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW
Videos 26-50