
(anti)Pattern nel design di API REST by Agostino Carandente
https://youtu.be/8sN79SRwySA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVppX1lSJRo_AEtCPC7-j9bB

3rd generation agile and scalable DevOps by Peter Herzum
https://youtu.be/mZGK_Mj-nIo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVppX1lSJRo_AEtCPC7-j9bB

Applicazioni Cloud Native su Kubernetes un approccio DevOps by Nicola Ferraro
https://youtu.be/dqgFDduVS9Q&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVppX1lSJRo_AEtCPC7-j9bB

Building web applications with Web Components by Martin Splitt
https://youtu.be/0FstJG9t5v0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVppX1lSJRo_AEtCPC7-j9bB

Code Review - how to do it better by Sebastian Malaca
https://youtu.be/rlEiIVKKyqc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVppX1lSJRo_AEtCPC7-j9bB

Dalla C alla Q, un evento per volta Event Sourcing per immagini by Lorenzo Nicora
https://youtu.be/_8daXQAlzd4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVppX1lSJRo_AEtCPC7-j9bB

F@#!ing with algorithms a human hobby by Myriam Jessier
https://youtu.be/-4iZBNftyyM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVppX1lSJRo_AEtCPC7-j9bB

Hacking usability by Myriam Jessier
https://youtu.be/oKGVOzUtOys&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVppX1lSJRo_AEtCPC7-j9bB

HTTP 2.0 why and how by Simone Bordet
https://youtu.be/UVwI1K0M7P0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVppX1lSJRo_AEtCPC7-j9bB

Improve your App UX with one model processing insights from batch and streams by Robert Kubis
https://youtu.be/rQRQNsy9lH0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVppX1lSJRo_AEtCPC7-j9bB

Javaslang - Functional Java Done Right by Grzegorz Piwowarek
https://youtu.be/mEJA1cO1gL8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVppX1lSJRo_AEtCPC7-j9bB

JAX-RS 2.1 Anticipazioni e spunti applicativi sulle nuove API per servizi REST by Alessio Soldano
https://youtu.be/Ph2qgmYRFk8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVppX1lSJRo_AEtCPC7-j9bB

Lambda Core – HardCore by Jarek Ratajski
https://youtu.be/a-qgNdz166w&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVppX1lSJRo_AEtCPC7-j9bB

Lastminute.com Kubernetes on-premises by Claudio Pozzoli and Manuel C. Ranieri
https://youtu.be/49RyPzwWM4s&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVppX1lSJRo_AEtCPC7-j9bB

Machine Learning Exposed Introduction to Machine Learning by James Weaver and Katharine Beaumont
https://youtu.be/v7xyxDcRM_M&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVppX1lSJRo_AEtCPC7-j9bB

Reactive programming in Java by Mario Fusco
https://youtu.be/GQlVyKC_bUY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVppX1lSJRo_AEtCPC7-j9bB

Real-World Enterprise REST API Design by Andrea Chiodoni
https://youtu.be/cgaWnfiVY-A&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVppX1lSJRo_AEtCPC7-j9bB

Scalable User Interfaces with Angular 2 by Gion Kunz
https://youtu.be/A4-bxyjXc40&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVppX1lSJRo_AEtCPC7-j9bB

Scommetto che il mio specchio è più smart del tuo... by Luca Simone
https://youtu.be/pzjtpGQJAoM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVppX1lSJRo_AEtCPC7-j9bB

Sviluppare DSL in modo pragmatico by Federico Tomassetti
https://youtu.be/zfZDWgXrZ28&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVppX1lSJRo_AEtCPC7-j9bB

Talk before code Le domande importanti da fare prima di scrivere codice by Lorenzo Cassulo
https://youtu.be/g5M8xYiJ6bc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVppX1lSJRo_AEtCPC7-j9bB

Testing Java Code Effectively by Andres Almiray
https://youtu.be/VSu8I19HW70&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVppX1lSJRo_AEtCPC7-j9bB

ThinkAsync in Java8 by Dmitry Aleksandrov
https://youtu.be/Kv7XSCX8EFI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVppX1lSJRo_AEtCPC7-j9bB

Top X OAuth 2 Hacks by Antonio Sanso
https://youtu.be/HO8QptZ1B04&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVppX1lSJRo_AEtCPC7-j9bB

What should I care about JDK 9 module system by Patrick Reinhart and Otmar Humbel
https://youtu.be/msN-inuvCEs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVppX1lSJRo_AEtCPC7-j9bB
Videos 1-25