
A New Heaven and A New Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4swCl9rq-Fg

A New Thought Perspective on Charlottesville, VA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOCIB96LQbY

Act Like You Got Some Sense
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9EbANQrpeg

Acting As If or Acting A Wish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0lGGfVM13o

Addicted To Joy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aAHo0SzK_ZE

Affirmative Prayer - You Brought It With You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ew60Cmkpg5k

After The Red Pill
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKfnJI1bD0Q

All Is Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zs9O_Sxr6uM

All Is Well
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOvlmy7LXMQ

All Things Are Possible (Closing Song)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2IOQG3huaE4

Be At Peace  - Closing Prayer (December 2016)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRaPAzg463E

Be Jesus To Somebody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zb9L_wcVDo

Behind It All
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2m6YCODLYkA

Bless You Fear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hjs7vfCUqi0

Blessed Always
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f60WoK8ZveU

Celebrate NYE 2013 The Choice Is Yours
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZH0TNMTIrs

Community Service
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyGkRlVGO5c

CSC NYE 2014 - Permission Granted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__b8JGr9Q00

CSC Promo - One Word
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CBON9eM8WRo

CSC Testimonial - André
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9uejD7hvhQ

CSC Testimonial - Julia and Jefferson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5k3TJG1O7w

CSC Testimonial - Saundra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nHhOrJaeoSE

CSC Testimonial - Sydney and Stella
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kM2wM-IOvXg

Don't Lose Your Song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=caj7mIKWVIM

Earth Day Sermon - Give Us This Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EV32KuFqfTo

Earth Day Sermon - The Soul of the World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enaNSAl3lTk

Election Day Prayer 2020 (6AM)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtBEwy_iwF4

Evolving Worship Message Clip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V76RUz1wGuw

Facebook Live Money Is My Friend Webinar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8OYJzW37P4

God Ideas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qM-lh7cFmHE

God Talk Sunday - Online
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjfZyhoVrGk

Good Friday Live! At The Cross A Metaphysical Teaching
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEqUwLioUAg

Good Friday Livestream At The Cross - A Metaphysical Teaching
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twp_UfIFEas

Great Is Thy Faithfulness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NvdSC6gUGc

Higher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ZBfbBuRJK4

I Am Where I Am
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpU1wRWGOQk

I Choose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4YbbXjeI60

I Give This To You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBZuObQIMCA

I Let Go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4w3heh8VHg

I Will Trust You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2HPm5HEf9Oo

I Won't Be Satisfied
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fErMB-Tvuz8

Illusion's End
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3AK3oIIHP0

In The Heart Of God
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIWJuHL6qGM

In The Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yx_sGCRjeaM

Independently Happy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxvrkQN87Ro

It'll Work If You Work It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8tMdNINLbw

It's A Matter Of Trust
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Fj37NxiwY8

Joy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tV7DQ-hmPv8

Know Thyself, Week 1 Ye Are Gods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AN2_NdWXsiE

Know Thyself, Week 2 The Creative Principle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4GveakbXzfE

Knowing Is Half The Battle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3qQTvP6Hzk

Let ME Out!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_-bTdFEakU

Love Has Spoken
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j44KcLPAvFM

Love Story - Nessa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=demsFD0wKUU

Love Story - Rachel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=42ZrLY0f4Rs

Love Story - Rev. Seana
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obfJDd_a0aE

Love Story - Terese
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gakWXcLCz7g

Love Story - Will Stone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XRz_c2IEhk

Love The One You're With
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4BKKHgsYmw

Make Me An Instrument - Pastor Greg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zksp7G3ETx0

Make Me An Instrument
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aIRn7y_Kw9s

Meditation Experience   I Make Room
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YeyvHaxcPUE

Mission Possible, Week 1 The God Experience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nadwjhnmWZs

Mission Possible, Week 2 Evolving Worship
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrQBNhLvsXE

Mission Possible, Week 3 A New Normal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XNWcCBds8os

Mission Possible, Week 4 Set Yourself Up To Win
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0YaOxGH_EZM

Musical Moment - You Are The Beating Of My Heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtVEQ2tjYIE

My Everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qm5qj0SBaB4

New Thought  The Meditation Experience, Weekend Service 9.17.17
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNXnHV130z4

New Thought Affirmative Prayer Something Woke Me Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MX9iJrG2jes

New Thought Clip One Simple Idea Interview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjj4UW5qFVM

New Thought Clip Your Body Listens To You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DzY8kowm20

New Thought Closing Prayer All Is Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YB7DL-9Uw-A

New Thought CSC 4th Anniversary Invite
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AiEXpqKfd28

New Thought Easter 2017 Invite
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4m1muyT8bE

New Thought Easter 2017 Service via FB LIVE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yLToC_pEFO4

New Thought Family & Friends Day 2017 Service (FBLive)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ytot16Ml1Eg

New Thought Live Now What - Kim Burrell, Homosexuality, & The Black Church
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIJ4qRZ_s6M

New Thought Live Stream - Celebrate NYE 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNjk99Rkxik

New Thought Live Stream - Weekend Service 11.1.20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B6wWLlFmHFA

New Thought Live Stream - Weekend Service 11.15.20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Si_Y3Kj6MOM

New Thought Live Stream - Weekend Service 11.8.20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dp6DCTklask

New Thought Live Stream Weekend Service 11.22.20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXKOd-BIFBw

New Thought Livestream - Intro To Affirmative Prayer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUSwfYOx88s

New Thought Livestream - Money Is God In Action
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2m0uu3E2MA

New Thought Livestream - Practice The Practice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOSs3rUoLCI

New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3XnIGh_yhA

New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxZ8d8nRiEQ

New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 11 (Part 1)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9c3xzWgVO3M

New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 11 (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GScwweII1sk

New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 12
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UOZjBdr4ReQ

New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 13
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REZibPTJqLs

New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 14
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sEndlzxnr_w

New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2H_-xJVPDoI

New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfWJEiwFKio

New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHlUE381mYM

New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0Y_3snmTxw

New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 8 (Part 1)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmXQc-qprq0

New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 8 (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gL-rYsX-9vU

New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 9
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OoLyHEnrZFQ

New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week Six
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_3qvFRerQJw

New Thought Livestream - We Got Game Masterclass, Week 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbvFdH872tM

New Thought Livestream - We Got Game, Week 1 (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5algnJLOII

New Thought Livestream - We Got Game, Week 10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXIztwUx8Mk

New Thought Livestream - We Got Game, Week 11
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9ME6hZudeY

New Thought Livestream - We Got Game, Week 2 (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJh43kg6pKA

New Thought Livestream - We Got Game, Week 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4vfkSp__as

New Thought Livestream - We Got Game, Week 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDoKy11ZFYk

New Thought Livestream - We Got Game, Week 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YuGGTHJLpcY

New Thought Livestream - We Got Game, Week 5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IgTvPQokohw

New Thought Livestream - We Got Game, Week 6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpAb4C9IM-8

New Thought Livestream - We Got Game, Week 7
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRm4BfjWrjA

New Thought Livestream - We Got Game, Week 8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kyqfOD9Qfc0

New Thought Livestream - We Got Game, Week 9
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qn4bEhg42eI

New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 1.10.21
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKygUXrG2Yc

New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 1.17.21
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-sipZuqqZ8

New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 1.24.21
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9eJdXB66-U

New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 1.3.21
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LxOzBxNXys

New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 1.31.21
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCcLrUUWrEM

New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 10.11.20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dE-IdbrudUk

New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 10.18.20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l6Hzpcb-5cE

New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 10.25.20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kegtYwCfuJ0

New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 10.4.20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-21jwaWfYs

New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 3.29.20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_5QVTzbCrw

New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 5.31.20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dJ65sv-CCY

New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 7.11.21
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K56IuRa3kCM

New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 7.18.21
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-59zFYQeRcw

New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 7.25.21
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66IjjifE8G4

New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 8.1.21
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHV2e_5NzeM

New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 9.13.20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmEA1_O6Itw

New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 9.20.20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EQyn--23otc

New Thought Livestream THRIVE Masterclass, Week 7
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wlLg02zZpM

New Thought Livestream We Got Game, Week 5 (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CU8ru-ANKG4

New Thought Livestream Weekend Service 8.16.20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOQ9LNs9ASY

New Thought Livestream Weekend Service 8.2.20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS3-t32cYLk

New Thought Livestream Weekend Service 8.23.20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NjD_V2_B7_E

New Thought Livestream Weekend Service 8.30.20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5GU0EMpkko

New Thought Livestream Weekend Service 8.9.20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcMSZSKbOl4

New Thought Livestream Weekend Service 9.6.20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UesIzfIvogg

New Thought Meditation - 6.14.20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yy0O1ZQ-pSk

New Thought Music - Great Is Thy Faithfulness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OB9KTMpFnUQ

New Thought Music - I Am Enough (Rockwood Music Hall, November 2018)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OD0EG212ptg

New Thought Music - I Give This To You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NX5MphMdI5g

New Thought Music - I Keep My Mind (October 2019)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FKlQ8V5Gyug

New Thought Music - Namu Myoho Renge Kyo (August 2019)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1CInXZdvF1c

New Thought Music - Woke Up This Morning (1672450)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_3igwX1tEU

New Thought Music - Woke Up This Morning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKwZzbn-B3E

New Thought Music Amazed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWwDFx0W9UA

New Thought Music Amen Mantra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MwKpePxqQok

New Thought Music Be Jesus To Somebody (1685548)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYwmf6408Wg

New Thought Music Be Jesus To Somebody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93Wcu4pwraA

New Thought Music Beautiful People
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=riBKkCKcKgU

New Thought Music Behind It All (Recorded Live at Smash Studios, NYC)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_pOebaGpOY

New Thought Music Blessed Always feat. Pastor Yolanda Batts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OueO-5EopNg

New Thought Music Expect Your Miracle (Cover)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=euhV2-aFUXM

New Thought Music God Looks Good As Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKM7Bj-sRsg

New Thought Music Holy, Beauty, Worthy (Live at Smash Studios)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UajkoEpPBS0

New Thought Music Holy, Beauty, Worthy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fD-STAOQZHY

New Thought Music I Always Find You (Live at Smash Studios)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFaUqIrohno

New Thought Music I Am Enough (Recorded LIve @ Smash Studios, NYC)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzcCkHugjwc

New Thought Music I Am Enough
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RfC4xrPETqU

New Thought Music I Am Grateful (November 2018)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARKnKOXh7G4

New Thought Music I Am Open To Receive (May 2018)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Is_8xuxZc_w

New Thought Music I Am Open To Receive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcZ5mAEdSZk

New Thought Music I Bless It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tlPDnSZGxw

New Thought Music I Call You Beautiful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zc_3YGKRC9o

New Thought Music I Expect The Good (1919570)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9r0Yw7H_tvo

New Thought Music I Expect The Good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cy7XxsIrz0A

New Thought Music I Get Still
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=to-lggfbGIA

New Thought Music I Will Trust You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZfK5cpUNTw

New Thought Music It Will Find Me (Recorded Live @ Rockwood Music Hall)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9VosOTzfwj4

New Thought Music It Will Find Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8o27dGfLY8

New Thought Music It's The Most Wonderful Time Of The Year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7HXILwVr-c

New Thought Music Love Has Spoken
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TgWDJNCUVYs

New Thought Music Love Is The More Excellent Way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_QSxedXxeU

New Thought Music My Everything (Clip)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNLzApqfZn0

New Thought Music My Everything - Live at Rockwood Music Hall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhcTEnSUscg

New Thought Music My Name Is Royalty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nn2IUgOWz0

New Thought Music My Word Is Working For Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sUOXTdKq4b0

New Thought Music O Holy Night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psByD6KlhIE

New Thought Music Reveal (Full Version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOx8_ydohp4

New Thought Music Show Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZVgH2bcf0U

New Thought Music Sweet Spirit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtdnboBjaJQ

New Thought Music The Same Power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YsB7_XMOOUU

New Thought Music The Universe Is Responding To Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yySHjZrgSq0

New Thought Music The Year Of Big Dreams
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q1iDp3txqps

New Thought Music There's A Healing Going On
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j18HfvPpLrw

New Thought Music Things Are Always Working Out For Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDAKgI4PPSo

New Thought Music Toward Our Wholeness (5.13.18)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQixvlrvzEo

New Thought Music We Will Rejoice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhuIy6hbSFk

New Thought Music Wherever I Am (1735605)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muIh8zcT6Lo

New Thought Music Wherever I Am
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KwvhIwGRFE

New Thought Music Yes I'm Grateful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9OATjGcNN0

New Thought Music You Win (1928502)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gDLiSiFeLCY

New Thought Music You Win
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dE-UL4GwuXg

New Thought Music You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43NNSI7UI0E

New Thought Music- Behind It All (Recorded Live at Smash Studios, NYC)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bY5QJAFP3d0

New Thought Music- My Name Is Royalty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iu5q5DKFDP0

New Thought Sermon - Adam Lives In Theory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHwzovx4Zmo

New Thought Sermon - Amplifying Your Hosanna (Palm Sunday 2018)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUsXVPDm_GI

New Thought Sermon - Bigger!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTdk-m3zwCk

New Thought Sermon - Freedom Don't Cost A Thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gDZJyAchrU

New Thought Sermon - Heal Your Mind, Heal Your Life (November 2017)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icRTvDCPs7E

New Thought Sermon - How To Get Back Home (June 2017)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urXEclKugOo

New Thought Sermon - I Can't Believe My Eyes (March 2015)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYLB1SV05YI

New Thought Sermon - I Get So Emotional (Palm Sunday 2017)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FcGnQAYsFIM

New Thought Sermon - Let's Go To The Other Side (May 2018)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFhXVc7Drys

New Thought Sermon - Love Millionaires
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18eJCSZYNoc

New Thought Sermon - Shutdown The Reactors (September 2016)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QAz14W8Xhrg

New Thought Sermon - The Eye Of The Storm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Us_AqvpsH-k

New Thought Sermon - The Holy Impulse To Thrive (May 2018)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gknPnklFtgY

New Thought Sermon - The Next Revolution (April 2018)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2wBwzbr8h_I

New Thought Sermon - The Whole World In Your Hands (Oct 2018)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yt-_oKfQnNs

New Thought Sermon - Three Feet From Gold (November 2017)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNwzdJcBMks

New Thought Sermon - What Happens When You Believe A Lie (December 2014)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EIesUMRg-90

New Thought Sermon - When We All Get To Heaven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4UgIDJTPm8s

New Thought Sermon - You Are Not A Thermometer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twUdH1dRAE0

New Thought Sermon A Creative Battle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KApWO_EKc1g

New Thought Sermon A Creator's Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmF0E4NV3aA

New Thought Sermon A Fully Formed Idea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJvkHpzLbbI

New Thought Sermon A Message From The Ancestors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gpM2s5IBo8

New Thought Sermon A New Beginning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_eE0Jd61h8

New Thought Sermon A New Consensus (AUDIO)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gcx-7H7DkVY

New Thought Sermon A New Conspiracy Theory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_FDnNPViR7s

New Thought Sermon A New Destiny
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OVB6FeJL1f4

New Thought Sermon A World Created By Fear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czxY-adw7H8

New Thought Sermon Accept Your Role With Honor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GKtzBsDNlpg

New Thought Sermon Activating God
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcErqc0LSXk

New Thought Sermon All That Matters Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DN_sCZhsS0A

New Thought Sermon Always Innocent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50enSAdPgXs

New Thought Sermon Amplifying Your Hosanna
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJ7D37ioQ0o

New Thought Sermon And Still I'm Grateful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sQdcxBdJ_o

New Thought Sermon Are We There Yet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AT4MtAePfjY

New Thought Sermon At The Cross - A Metaphysical Teaching
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_wKOviJaxg

New Thought Sermon Batteries Included
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFhUmdJsLcY

New Thought Sermon Be At Peace
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhRjU17vKTI

New Thought Sermon Beware The Dark Side
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PkR-i6gdTO8

New Thought Sermon Beyond Your Lifetime
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jm56wNJTX4g

New Thought Sermon But I Don't Want To Change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35O9cuA5oik

New Thought Sermon Can I Get A Witness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JbxqzhX69XU

New Thought Sermon Can You Describe It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1UZUZWcWAg

New Thought Sermon Cause & Effect My Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUerIJapZU4

New Thought Sermon Change The Future
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DbI3ynX1KiY

New Thought Sermon Check Your God Concept
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxffqzAYYAs

New Thought Sermon Childish Games
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WRFcW5_C8c

New Thought Sermon Clip #RelationshipGoals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLv0bhcEL5o

New Thought Sermon Clip - Collateral Imagination
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5_xTmgWkxs

New Thought Sermon Clip - It's Coming To You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EXjhKnvksM

New Thought Sermon Clip - Life Is Not An Awards Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92cBhswIH7g

New Thought Sermon Clip - Power Is Not Passive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6EBoGmVTgUo

New Thought Sermon Clip A Creator's Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1su9sRopok

New Thought Sermon Clip A New Beginning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNgIvLpzd38

New Thought Sermon Clip Believing In Precedent vs. Faith
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OdRdOHygkhc

New Thought Sermon Clip Daily Spiritual Practice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sIeYWw0fiO4

New Thought Sermon Clip De-Hypnotized
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=magY307FQCU

New Thought Sermon Clip Divine Memory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Csx4IdNsB5U

New Thought Sermon Clip Flip The Switch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suZ6PtMGm_w

New Thought Sermon Clip For All Have Sinned
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Me2jOi4tZG8

New Thought Sermon Clip God Is An Action Word
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhL5v8qkQSg

New Thought Sermon Clip God Is Riding For You!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfwcOqZ8w14

New Thought Sermon Clip God Loves Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlS5utT6ZNc

New Thought Sermon Clip Healing Is Restoration To What Is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axTjj9O8EPA

New Thought Sermon Clip Higher Ground
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tD3pI8qRGds

New Thought Sermon Clip How can I command the good under these conditions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zx-hl0YOnSw

New Thought Sermon Clip I Dare You To Prosper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29h3I2eMdhA

New Thought Sermon Clip Keep Your Heart Open
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2zSJ64TWNg

New Thought Sermon Clip Lead With Faith
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJL4s9JxHhg

New Thought Sermon Clip Let Go Of Self Criticism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kajnz5XUifw

New Thought Sermon Clip Locked Out Of Heaven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7yOyS_Q4IU

New Thought Sermon Clip Louise Hay & Mirror Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-0lDJs0tPw

New Thought Sermon Clip So We've Prayed Now What
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZKwa6KL6YU

New Thought Sermon Clip Somebody Call Security
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qBMPqHdLHvY

New Thought Sermon Clip Supply Precedes Demand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xRp6EJGxgoY

New Thought Sermon Clip The Evil Queen Wasn't Born Evil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MpRb6yd_e4A

New Thought Sermon Clip The In-Between
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hAY1S3M2plo

New Thought Sermon Clip The Last Judgement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2rnGJjcDxA

New Thought Sermon Clip The Net Is Always There
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6UjMHTSYWlU

New Thought Sermon Clip The Only Thing That Is Busy Is Our Thoughts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEaoCoogsS0

New Thought Sermon Clip The Starting Place
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8mFk_ssDvM

New Thought Sermon Clip There Is No Absence of Life Anywhere
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7RdcFggUCU

New Thought Sermon Clip There's Enough Love To Heal It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIUZt1thFg0

New Thought Sermon Clip There's Gold Dust Everywhere
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4u-s0RZvl0

New Thought Sermon Clip Treat Your Spirituality Like You Treat Your Smart Phone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbLdC9aRoIk

New Thought Sermon Clip True Humility
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZifAUvZSMTY

New Thought Sermon Clip Universal Laws Not Universal Begging
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wgcpyRHDsig

New Thought Sermon Clip Wade In The Water
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GvhB85lnTkA

New Thought Sermon Clip We Have A Unique Issue In The United States
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HReSRl5zOro

New Thought Sermon Clip You Are The Living Mystery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ky9NKnC3xpY

New Thought Sermon Clip You Brought It With You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5g3EBLbOfVE

New Thought Sermon Collateral Imagination
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNVVYA88BAs

New Thought Sermon Command The Good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CN5r2h9PD-0

New Thought Sermon CSC NYE 2015 - Yes Yes!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2Oq8a3ynlo

New Thought Sermon Dammit Morpheus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLxMLVnRcjw

New Thought Sermon De-Hypnotized
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5mmBrNltSo

New Thought Sermon Deconstructing Forgivness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_FSU-cJJdI

New Thought Sermon Destroying Your Wizards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PGj7Yp1L5A0

New Thought Sermon Divine Memory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pkt6rwuiWiE

New Thought Sermon Do You Have A Fertile Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6upvFl4z5U

New Thought Sermon Does This Make The World Better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H0Vc07yUHmo

New Thought Sermon Don't Get It Twisted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fR6Pfm2alW0

New Thought Sermon Don't Judge The Chrysalis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OaMjJkNYE1A

New Thought Sermon Don't Wait Until You Die
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4bzcbhcuNo

New Thought Sermon Down Here In Hell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CapStGTQgWg

New Thought Sermon Dream Again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIy9eAXJ6HI

New Thought Sermon Ending Your Addiction To Reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3wh3-Yls-I

New Thought Sermon Every Birth Is Holy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-a0bAhtf_X8

New Thought Sermon Every Ending Is A New Beginning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqxAVcNYFpY

New Thought Sermon Everybody Has To Lose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVuAeEPMax8

New Thought Sermon Everything Is Everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ScTAkrogK_k

New Thought Sermon Fall Into Forgiveness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlSwUQju5-E

New Thought Sermon Finding God
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDCA-iBj4vs

New Thought Sermon Flip The Switch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGOhTIZrMC8

New Thought Sermon Free To Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JCPBIbotQVY

New Thought Sermon Freedom Don't Cost A Thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ha5N3srnaI4

New Thought Sermon Gambling Away Your Joy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MgJ_i_8vREQ

New Thought Sermon Get Up Trinity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XYIY7jmAhBo

New Thought Sermon Getting To Know You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MsoaUdIFjU0

New Thought Sermon Give Us This Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-I19Dvf_eQ

New Thought Sermon Go And Sin No More
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PBZ2l_9dxI0

New Thought Sermon Go Back In The House
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKaGVQ3QHmk

New Thought Sermon God Does Not Forgive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGIn6lj3Q70

New Thought Sermon God Is My Health
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNgG_31V0ZQ

New Thought Sermon God Is Not A Monster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akPHkDW-VN4

New Thought Sermon Gratitude Is A Lifestyle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZe-0ON5IF8

New Thought Sermon Gratitude Is Not For God
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNScR_lRVZo

New Thought Sermon Gratitude Ninja
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MXdpnn8uoOk

New Thought Sermon Gratitude Without Conditions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3T_FG_LoEk

New Thought Sermon Great Idea, Great Contrast (AUDIO)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PNUoE9zADv4

New Thought Sermon Green Eggs & Ham
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGmVuCNmnTM

New Thought Sermon Have You Got Good Religion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0zRPKQxvGM

New Thought Sermon Heal Your Mind, Heal Your Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCy1u_u0YaI

New Thought Sermon Healing Your God-Trauma
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWMKCwCnl2Q

New Thought Sermon Higher Ground
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWG5qdEa2ao

New Thought Sermon Home Court Advantage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxFS2KAHxcE

New Thought Sermon House Party
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRa9jUPi8MM

New Thought Sermon How Metaphysicians Break The Rules
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wAshW0K5w4

New Thought Sermon How To Get Back Home
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtMg09bGe_Y

New Thought Sermon How To Get Out Of Hell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xO_brEh7KAo

New Thought Sermon I Am Entitled To Miracles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b83F3u2mKtY

New Thought Sermon I Am The God Experience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sl9rhfixlIA

New Thought Sermon I Can't Believe My Eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9M4rd9MqqI

New Thought Sermon I Dare You To Prosper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltKV0qXpFMQ

New Thought Sermon I Get So Emotional
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfy9x1lfg_k

New Thought Sermon I Receive What I Give
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vputCm4ly70

New Thought Sermon I Trained For This
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mE0yrpewJSs

New Thought Sermon I Tried It For Myself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqs8DmRaG5o

New Thought Sermon I Want To Know What Love Is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6qAj6RNDiU

New Thought Sermon I'm A Lover, Not A Fighter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIzJb0utGjQ

New Thought Sermon I've Got A Golden Ticket
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=li5AEHZcWvc

New Thought Sermon If God Be In Us...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fv8nmijrt1s

New Thought Sermon If I Was George Bailey's Pastor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SSPrXCXQ6vc

New Thought Sermon If Jesus Went To India...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZ555O8v4wg

New Thought Sermon In The Midst Of It All
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67o0aEtzcs4

New Thought Sermon Initiated Into Greatness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xOnsyMhMt3U

New Thought Sermon Is That Your Final Answer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hg9iq40jZZk

New Thought Sermon It's All Good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AV1btAqmaSU

New Thought Sermon It's Always Working In Your Favor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YKcyATeqtT8

New Thought Sermon It's Coming To You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHdD07C1la0

New Thought Sermon It's Time For A Revolution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0awZOkoRSs

New Thought Sermon It's Time To Go Home
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6AzeCeYbs3Y

New Thought Sermon It's Time We Had A Little Talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8zL1A8xZf4c

New Thought Sermon Keep Your Heart Open
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BCPXLDAbRp8

New Thought Sermon Law Abiding Citizen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrvSj91CR_E

New Thought Sermon Leaving Kansas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_x7pt-QMQU

New Thought Sermon Let's Go To The Other Side
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUlXEc5UCR8

New Thought Sermon Life Is Not An Awards Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ya_0PtqSQZ4

New Thought Sermon Life Isn't Fair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqjVsmZp_-8

New Thought Sermon Lining Up With God's Yes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmRlofXGfsM

New Thought Sermon Listen To Toto
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7WnJdqE1k4

New Thought Sermon Locked Out Of Heaven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OLrCNqbHAU

New Thought Sermon Love Millionaires
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z69VWpUD-84

New Thought Sermon Lowered Expectations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PvH63Ou3Ikc

New Thought Sermon Making The Invisible Visible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71We2TJgtO8

New Thought Sermon Making Use of Your Discontent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LORhfm9UIL8

New Thought Sermon Manifestation Comes In Threes (New Year's Eve)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3EDEXCyjxWY

New Thought Sermon Master or Slave
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwAngaeXwW8

New Thought Sermon Master Teacher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2bpK6r1Sqek

New Thought Sermon Miracles Don't Stop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hhrcWpNYyM

New Thought Sermon Mirror, Mirror On The Wall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7srswbe0ZRU

New Thought Sermon Natural Law
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2GysFAqxzNg

New Thought Sermon No Other Gods Before Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QmB95JK3no

New Thought Sermon Now You've Crossed The Line
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_8_u7X2-n8

New Thought Sermon NYE 2016 - A Blank Canvas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYYRbuV9-rc

New Thought Sermon O Come All Ye Faithful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAL4d5ZScHI

New Thought Sermon OK, I'm Not Playin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4HZxk5uf6Xk

New Thought Sermon Or Do You Want To Be Free
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osN0GkwC2V0

New Thought Sermon Pastime Paradise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWXOv9kBmyg

New Thought Sermon Play The Game, Know The Rules
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0NK4Aq6zR4

New Thought Sermon Possibility Is Calling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdKAcXUn5Rg

New Thought Sermon Preparation Meets Manifestation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7AIm5GduqHo

New Thought Sermon Purpose Not Perfect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edetkKniNcM

New Thought Sermon Quantum Leap To Freedom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_IxGKiZGTk

New Thought Sermon Reengineering The Corporation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vt9pZretPJ8

New Thought Sermon Reimagine Easter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ML6TYydGxos

New Thought Sermon Relationship Matters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EgLZ6PEjjck

New Thought Sermon Repeated Exposure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shOXHvHH-IE

New Thought Sermon Reverse The Thought, Reverse The Condition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXz95vEMTaU

New Thought Sermon Shutdown The Reactors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgdCi5WiseA

New Thought Sermon Sight Beyond Sight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hEa8OWX7W0A

New Thought Sermon So This Is Christmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aL1j-orfmTo

New Thought Sermon So We've Prayed, Now What
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJc1Z-xqY5Y

New Thought Sermon Somebody Call Security
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vFLTI-pbVQ

New Thought Sermon Somethin'  Said
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9eVYLW2FmYM

New Thought Sermon Something Woke Me Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeXQ0G-jGjI

New Thought Sermon Speak Your Universal Name
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GjZAm5NwiWA

New Thought Sermon Stop Begging God
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LzFLDI79lYk

New Thought Sermon Struggle No More
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93z7Px-j3XA

New Thought Sermon Super Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nr2fphhAMOc

New Thought Sermon Take Back Your Keys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edSiDlMPGuQ

New Thought Sermon Take Back Your Throne
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4stmiOzw04

New Thought Sermon Take God's Word For It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuDcfC0qAsQ

New Thought Sermon Take It And Live It (AUDIO)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6wQun3NRdo

New Thought Sermon Talk Gooder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJRX_t2u3hY

New Thought Sermon Teamwork Makes The Dream Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8T4cGysgizc

New Thought Sermon Thank You For My Healing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WkhiH7JK_Iw

New Thought Sermon The Anatomy of an Unshackled Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POq_YXlJ3Qs

New Thought Sermon The Biology of Choice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DubI6ToAw4o

New Thought Sermon The Body Without The Mind (AUDIO ONLY)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nY2QdbFy05E

New Thought Sermon The Captive, The Called, The Chosen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVghWmzBNRY

New Thought Sermon The Cost Of Believing The Ego
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8l4pZqVIXU

New Thought Sermon The Cross & The Bodhi Tree
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HhI_QDBrPhc

New Thought Sermon The Currency of Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjhVQ124pIc

New Thought Sermon The Default Position
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRVc_2XRHGE

New Thought Sermon The Don't Know Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MXWoTaUBJE

New Thought Sermon The Enemy Within
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbmavpYu5Y8

New Thought Sermon The Garden Still Exists
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Mk2Z4Q-Yuw

New Thought Sermon The Hidden Creator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myb2Gx2FD9I

New Thought Sermon The Holy Impulse To Thrive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YDoYwB37bWA

New Thought Sermon The House Of Illusion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l354g9-TJzc

New Thought Sermon The In-Between
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7z4IdVRcKFM

New Thought Sermon The Last Judgement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Io9oF4Qwh6k

New Thought Sermon The Myth Of Inadequacy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2JxE65ub1g

New Thought Sermon The Net Is Always There
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWr_6C-axmY

New Thought Sermon The Next Revolution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oandmCszvno

New Thought Sermon The Physics of Gratitude
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pi1LPtXYW8

New Thought Sermon The Progeny of God
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUMSjDSzXPE

New Thought Sermon The Questions You Are not Asking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HAj0g0mEIWY

New Thought Sermon The Seed of Possibility
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nNmQFdYaQQ

New Thought Sermon The Simple Truth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQUKNWvkklI

New Thought Sermon The Sinner's Prayer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXZhyGMv68g

New Thought Sermon The Soul Of The World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FwKpINQxUzQ

New Thought Sermon The Starting Place
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFegIDk5FeY

New Thought Sermon The Stranger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jfmi22rcwAQ

New Thought Sermon The Tomb Was Always Empty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qPlIflPV_Sw

New Thought Sermon The Unreality of Duality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P97Od6IzafM

New Thought Sermon The Way of the Warrior
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LbV-JXFnbXA

New Thought Sermon The Way, The Truth, The Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wh2Ifcc6sVk

New Thought Sermon The Whole World In Your Hands
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hykZq2uGwUw

New Thought Sermon The Wish Fulfilled
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pMPBw_vJ6m4

New Thought Sermon There Is A Catch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bxq4ijMJyc

New Thought Sermon There Is A Law In Operation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2YdM6mOOFI

New Thought Sermon There Is No Ceiling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LC3isQKtww

New Thought Sermon There Is No Spoon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rx5T9R1DQ_Q

New Thought Sermon There Is Nothing Hidden From You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqU3HztzjVo

New Thought Sermon There's Gold Dust Everywhere
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9ycr0p09KE

New Thought Sermon There's Got To Be Another Way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yA_ixGZJ8Ew

New Thought Sermon Think Give
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMhC4y3Kwwg

New Thought Sermon Think Like A Hero
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SC-r26GaxPg

New Thought Sermon Think To Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPTVW23necE

New Thought Sermon Three Feet From Gold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HVQAJ08QjY8

New Thought Sermon Training Your Guru
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEdvachYXIg

New Thought Sermon Transcending Your Tendencies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kaI8Pia4mSw

New Thought Sermon True Prayer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKP1IoQydxk

New Thought Sermon Undoing Your Doing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpoURmrWFgs

New Thought Sermon Uninvestigated Beliefs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uGkQykWtNc

New Thought Sermon Use The Blueprints
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCz6HWP9MY4

New Thought Sermon Wade In The Water
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJ6M005Efuk

New Thought Sermon Wakanda Forever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_X0yrLNxJA

New Thought Sermon Wake, Children Wake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdMb2h8qqwY

New Thought Sermon Walking The Path
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5lx6YeRHtRE

New Thought Sermon We Need The Fire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pI-eJ0zw_f4

New Thought Sermon Welcome To Club Thrive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHVaWdDr50g

New Thought Sermon Welcome To The Neighborhood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnVzvoM0rJE

New Thought Sermon What Business Are You In
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94rf4aP3LWM

New Thought Sermon What Is Perfect Here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWPh_t03lNM

New Thought Sermon What Really Pisses Us Off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GlTDpKg-DOQ

New Thought Sermon What To Expect When You're Expecting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-vH2g7eaS4

New Thought Sermon What's In Your Bible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vsXK8SqtQro

New Thought Sermon Who Are You Trying To Convince
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1IOGlCtEPfU

New Thought Sermon Who Committed The Crime
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iynFjHGkOEY

New Thought Sermon Whose Devil Is It Anyway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NYtgss5kSG8

New Thought Sermon Winter's Grace
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bPpw10ZrO4

New Thought Sermon Woman Be Silent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RoDXmpt9EqE

New Thought Sermon Words Become Matter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZwFQDNa9Ws

New Thought Sermon You Are The Living Mystery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1Y99xl3Xuc

New Thought Sermon You Are The Son Of God
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a88lzvFRi5s

New Thought Sermon You Brought It With You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5kPB6gV418

New Thought Sermon You Don't Have A Choice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1k0O8-i2Sw

New Thought Sermon You Have Great Power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzkUNlhKvi8

New Thought Sermon You're Making It Up Anyway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1g7y2GHMGYw

New Thought Sermon You're Turning Me On
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FB9Bhpb9PaI

New Thought Sermon Your Awesome Is Required
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Or_crJSPA9M

New Thought Sermon Your Evolution Is The Revolution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HFca8hwvLDM

New Thought Sermon Your Fruit Speaks Louder Than Words - AUDIO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrO3os1-3Wk

New Thought Sermon Your Greatest Power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2YOx6rGioDw

New Thought Sermon Your Word Is Working For You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8aTw0M4mKs

New Thought Sermon- Do You Have A Fertile Mind (April 2019)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eaV2kl_Py4E

New Thought Sermon- Give Us This Day (Earth Day 2018)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Htd_RX3C_2U

New Thought Sermon- It's Coming To You (September 2016)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wHs-EB7WWE

New Thought Sermon- Reimagine Easter (Easter 2018)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UN-VdPFgUpA

New Thought Sermon- Reverse The Thought, Reverse The Condition (October 2017)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yE4XxrgKRs

New Thought Sermon- The Net Is Always There (September 2018)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdJInKm0Bfk

New Thought Sermon- The Soul Of The World (Earth Day 2017)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIh51-tLHKY

New Thought Sermon- The Tomb Was Always Empty (Easter 2017)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=trkf0CBulOk

New Thought Sermon- Think Give (May 2016)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYKCPNWUF3M

New Thought Sermon- We Need The Fire (Father's Day 2018)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3B0GtIql5I

New Thought Sermon- You Brought It With You (July 2016)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GTJvGDcU998

New Years Eve Service 12.31.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nHZZaLHJqI

No More Drama
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ZSGiA4BZHk

Not Special, You're Essential
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSbBHiJ_dbs

One Moment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lfdb0NhK3aQ

One With You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkJsTE9hgAQ

One Year Ago
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CruQ1IXqPyw

Pastor Greg Stamper on One Simple Idea with Mitch Horowitz (Season 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJL-Ho4XPMk

Prayer Is Your Superpower
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWBCk7CR01s

Prayer Partners - What. When. Where. How.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0aCk6qNyUQ

Prepare The Table For Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDhM0MjWQAw

Prison Break
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGVzXEEhacU

Reimagine Easter with Celebration Spiritual Center
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCyQc0EbBRY

Remembering Our Loved Ones Covid-19 Memorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5WwYINuNwg

Reveal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0aUNOIhBok

Sacrifice Is A Four-Letter Word
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJSkaqdWEXo

See God And Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FvUvVO-8iQ

See You In Brooklyn!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0jDYylXiUfA

Show Me (I Will Wait For Thee)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2MkWREN80U

So Amazing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KcUCNl_Mlbc

Source or Resource
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dg_py6r1oWQ

Stop Tithing, Start Giving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXuYSwDQZN0

Take Your Dreams Seriously
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=787ublHU9v0

That's Not Your Business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YdZ_wCOPnEs

The Art of Receiving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gT646yIQBSo

The Courage To Be Free
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tZNBTbTDks

The Dwelling Place
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wrqa3ZcYPfc

The Main Event
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q64nC9pT5_4

The Meditation Experience - Breathe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8JPiZTs2-4

The Meditation Experience 2-17-19 (New Thought)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBIqYmmM8os

The Meditation Experience Be At Peace
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1j6RmpKPw_k

The Meditation Experience with Pastor Yolanda, 2.3.19 (New Thought)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kV25N5HjZvo

The Mystery Of Giving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEMbTAbyTi8

The Second Time Around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEp-EpBN-ZA

The Spiritual Kingdom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-CkkBazl8A

The Universe Respects You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fboLXYzg7ig

The Womb Of Creation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ZlzRBB0Yjs

There Is No Secret Ingredient
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2U1EgjT880

There's A Healing Going On
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HCUUcoQtX_M

Things Are Always Working Out For Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kL25V51V1QE

Toward Our Wholeness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MaJhar3e5Do

Walking Without Fear, Week 1 Inverted Faith
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RBp4VUQRjdE

Walking Without Fear, Week 2 What Are You Afraid Of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dh6MyniHcB4

Walking Without Fear, Week 3 Creative Faith
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZco0XtKCCA

Weekend Service 01.05.2020 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXzwtvjttRY

Weekend Service 01.12.2020 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFP9bY4-lMo

Weekend Service 01.19.2020 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1aCci_lScVM

Weekend Service 01.26.2020 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wObwhPLaQM

Weekend Service 02.02.2020 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omCcolye8G0

Weekend Service 02.09.2020 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6OPMn01aj4

Weekend Service 02.16.2020 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CU42AnR9VYM

Weekend Service 02.23.2020 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iUV1Id8ncy8

Weekend Service 03.01.2020 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXPFP3D4vLQ

Weekend Service 03.08.2020 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CO9e6DaZVHc

Weekend Service 10.13.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vc5ImZLsr8

Weekend Service 10.20.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EadkiFjT3XM

Weekend Service 10.27.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOD54yeaYWc

Weekend Service 10.6.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6T3KoMI_xvI

Weekend Service 11.10.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0SWesCFgXs

Weekend Service 11.17.19 Livestream Pt. 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLFhsArR-mE

Weekend Service 11.17.19 Livestream Pt. 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_o_iHmww234

Weekend Service 11.24.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmniBcKkZX8

Weekend Service 11.3.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60V_vIaiNjs

Weekend Service 12.08.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VyKOwT3Kea4

Weekend Service 12.15.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBfQTXobo_E

Weekend Service 12.22.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JAqf6cxZbVk

Weekend Service 4.14.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPHBCGhHxnU

Weekend Service 4.21.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TOrodL_mTQ

Weekend Service 5.12.19 Livestream - Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRRJBFbGWA8

Weekend Service 5.12.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YGx2QHWKG0

Weekend Service 5.19.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CfhK6k71JX4

Weekend Service 5.5.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDWBhoFlksU

Weekend Service 6.16.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ayhMJcwMaq8

Weekend Service 6.2.19 Livestream - Pt. 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGD5AaLzpnQ

Weekend Service 6.2.19 Livestream - Pt. 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSBmka7zHXw

Weekend Service 6.23.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WvWNkPke_QI

Weekend Service 6.29.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5zNuSWVHBY

Weekend Service 6.9.19 Livestream - Pt. 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aggXWSCwDs

Weekend Service 6.9.19 Livestream - Pt. 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gyArtubi3vA

Weekend Service 7.07.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CYTdHHnVxNU

Weekend Service 7.14.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5PuiBRyHNpk

Weekend Service 7.21.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oC6b4Dkq6w4

Weekend Service 7.28.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQ_JG8dl2wI

Weekend Service 8.11.19 (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLCgEkcxVos

Weekend Service 8.11.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8RXTrH6ilo

Weekend Service 8.18.19 Livestream - Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDnyD7y8oEY

Weekend Service 8.18.19 Livestream - Part Two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQB3qd2rN9w

Weekend Service 8.25.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZV2HT_fwMTo

Weekend Service 8.4.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pMXyLsYsOyM

Weekend Service 9.1.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rt5j5Xx5Cy8

Weekend Service 9.15.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gaTcK3VwlD8

Weekend Service 9.22.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utR7GhYAXDo

Weekend Service 9.29.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RvUoazASbQg

Weekend Service 9.8.19 Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U8YXcC2sgZo

Weekend Service Live Stream 12.13.20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxFsw5QXtyo

Weekend Service Live Stream 12.20.20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZSlSitfvc0

Weekend Service Live Stream 12.6.20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIcu4DrtPe4

Weekend Service Livestream 2.14.21
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qPKGLNl24A

Weekend Service Livestream 2.21.21
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OzEPrzRBxqo

Weekend Service Livestream 2.28.21
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=daEvQUCGnHU

Weekend Service Livestream 2.7.21
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qA2kv2oXx4

Weekend Service Livestream 3.14.21
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AsEPs9kzYTk

Weekend Service Livestream 3.21.21
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5zP0IOlX60

Weekend Service Livestream 3.28.21
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6I0TzPaCAx0

Weekend Service Livestream 3.7.21
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86ZTKU51eW8

Weekend Service Livestream 4.4.21
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5TcEETmk_g

What Happens When You Believe A Lie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEiiv4jO8CU

What The Hell Are You Talking About
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7hjj_6YB9o

When The Student Is Ready
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-tTLR7T6w4

Who You Are Is Who We Need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xhs_AwBA9Eo

Whose Truth Is It Anyway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FdnJYZ2oH5E

Winter Solstice Visioning with Pastor Greg Stamper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPM44CgoZCA

Yes I'm Grateful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yris5SeV2Yo

You Are The Sunshine Of My Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnNLA3tL2-s

You've Got A Friend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWn620U6kbQ

Your Latter Will Be Greater
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MeW9kzbOTtk
Celebration Spiritual Center - Videos