
Hibernate Tip Apply DISTINCT to Your JPQL But Not Your SQL Query
https://youtu.be/afd1XBRv980&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip Best way to remove entities from a many-to-many association
https://youtu.be/vYNdjtf7iAQ&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip Control cache invalidation for native queries
https://youtu.be/UNlxYLBVDMs&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip Create an EntityGraph with multiple SubGraphs
https://youtu.be/TGdL9_9BxU8&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip Customize the association mappings using a composite key
https://youtu.be/syePgeQDTOQ&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip Difference between @JoinColumn & @PrimaryKeyJoinColumn
https://youtu.be/X9Jmn02WxBg&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip Difference between @NotNull and @Column(nullable = false)
https://youtu.be/i4CNH8pi3X4&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip How to activate an entity listener for all entities
https://youtu.be/goil35wkPGY&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip How to Customize a Constructor Expression for Different Subclasses
https://youtu.be/95bnQwTPvGY&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip How to Exclude Deactivated Elements from an Association
https://youtu.be/3GEizBtB4XY&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip How to Handle NULL Values while Ordering Query Results in a CriteriaQuery
https://youtu.be/9mhT-xd9Da0&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip How to integrate an external query builder
https://youtu.be/Tc-1i9PzZOw&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip How to Join Unassociated Entities in a Criteria Query
https://youtu.be/wBD66qYcKuU&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip How to lazily load one-to-one associations
https://youtu.be/qRWhFkB1D8c&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip How to map a Boolean to YN
https://youtu.be/DHzWtX2qUwQ&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip How To Map an Entity to a Query
https://youtu.be/4deURytlQLI&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip How to override column mappings of a superclass
https://youtu.be/GtldqkjNN-c&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip Many-to-Many Association with additional Attributes
https://youtu.be/RVlSVPATJio&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip Map a bidirectional one-to-one association with shared composite primary key
https://youtu.be/gISfIcLMykE&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip Perform different validations for persist and update
https://youtu.be/7Y9nEh887no&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip Prevent the Removal of a Parent Entity with Children
https://youtu.be/Jmcord4_ghY&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip SINGLE_TABLE strategy without discriminator column
https://youtu.be/elG0EBQCW8o&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip The best way to work with scalar projections
https://youtu.be/g34V7V6Ic_c&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip Validate that only 1 of 2 associations is not null
https://youtu.be/VYkje7ng_ac&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip Whatâ€™s the Difference Between @Column(length=50)  and @Size(max=50)
https://youtu.be/dk8XfhrHFuc&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP
Videos 1-25