
Algorithms to Live By The Computer Science of Human Decisions - Brian Christian
https://youtu.be/W2_xruenOtw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Architecting for performance. A top-down approach - Ionut Balosin
https://youtu.be/vLvgpH915Vo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Back to basics threads - Adam Dubiel
https://youtu.be/IYHYk3rgfGI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Blockchain for dummies - Mateusz Herbut
https://youtu.be/hETPKx8rCCM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Building Serverless Interactive Applications - Adrian Hornsby
https://youtu.be/XI8NXxW47X4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Client says your awesome web app works slowly. Now what - Aleksandra Kunysz
https://youtu.be/_xz-KkxmgO8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

CONTEXTVS, STVLTE! (Context, stupid!) - Piotr Przybył
https://youtu.be/WKcTxAZ5-vo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Deep Learning in Computer Vision - Krzysztof Kudrynski, Blazej Kubiak
https://youtu.be/dtD37EkicSs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

DSL - Do Super Language with Kotlin - Artur Czopek
https://youtu.be/hYXAFO3q3qU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Fallacies of Doom - Lessons learned from porting Doom 3 to Java - Mahmoud Abdelghany
https://youtu.be/dU0KrDRKoCA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

GraphQL - when REST API is not enough - lessons learned - Marcin Stachniuk
https://youtu.be/vMGet_9y40g&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

How to impress your boss and your customer in a modern company - Wojciech Seliga
https://youtu.be/DU1CbeN6GIs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

How Uber builds reliable redeliveries and dead letter queues with Apache Kafka - Mingmin Chen
https://youtu.be/K4cmLrrIUUY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Lessons and experiences of leading a large agile transformation - Sławek Zając
https://youtu.be/gEe6sbHWN10&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Liderem być - Anita Przybył
https://youtu.be/6Yv8DM3CgOE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Securing Customer Accounts with Streaming Analytics - Jan Griebsch
https://youtu.be/cZGuhVBQ6BM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Serverless or Serverfull Microservices^Functions - Rafael Benevides
https://youtu.be/orxk96DLjjc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Serverless The Future of the Cloud! - Bert Ertman
https://youtu.be/x0n26bKT-eA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Spring, Functions, Serverless and You - Nate Schutta
https://youtu.be/FGm3kxWSGGc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

State or events Which shall I keep - Jakub Pilimon
https://youtu.be/maQXoRp6BH4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Synchronous replication across data center for messaging system at Uber - Mingmin Chen, Hongliang Xu
https://youtu.be/QRurCd4dx_o&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Through the valley of darkness, the road to microservices - Dominik Boszko
https://youtu.be/KgJAjxrzPWQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Top Performance Challenges in Distributed Architectures - Andreas Grabner
https://youtu.be/fAdqbzyQgb0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

User Stories considered harmful - Jakub Nabrdalik
https://youtu.be/2df8_PHJuzk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

When Terraform alone isn't enough - Marcin Żbik
https://youtu.be/nR1U9sdcR3k&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc
Videos 1-25