
1. How to make a 2D Platformer - Basics - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/UbPiCgCkHTE

10 Hour Games Highlights Montage
https://youtu.be/Yv5Xewje_jY

10 Hour Games Official Launch
https://youtu.be/TgGOkfnwNjI

10. Unity Tutorial, SCORE - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/p9Uk9Ngyqaw

11. Unity Tutorial, SOUND - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/xafs9uljpqE

12. Unity Tutorial, GRAPHICS - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/pF5KSTBPy4Y

13. Unity Tutorial, Music Manager - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/yicdpF5YnTo

14. Unity Tutorial, PHYSICS - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/unfJfs_ok-Q

2. How to make a 2D Game - Unity 4.3 Tutorial
https://youtu.be/hCysoAoV3dc

2. How to make a 2D Platformer - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/zwNGjS_1Lxk

3. How to make a 2D Game - Unity 4.3 Tutorial
https://youtu.be/rlLMwNI53Oo

3. How to make a 2D Platformer - Parallax Scrolling - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/5E5_Fquw7BM

31 Games in 31 Days - An Interview
https://youtu.be/a24wTFzg_Ys

4. How to make a 2D Game - Unity 4.3 Tutorial
https://youtu.be/_jwicKUEnhg

4A. How to make a 2D Platformer - Tiling - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/CwGjwnjmg2w

4B. How to make a 2D Platformer - Tiling - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/77zdOaUGguc

5. How to make a 2D Game - Unity 4.3 Tutorial
https://youtu.be/WztRaOtNQbI

6. How to make a 2D Game - Unity 4.3 Tutorial
https://youtu.be/yQ1NLb59k3U

7. How to make a 2D Game - Unity 4.3 Tutorial
https://youtu.be/otwIprn_wpg

8. How to make a 2D Game - Unity 4.3 Tutorial
https://youtu.be/0xOcWG4PQdY

9. (END) How to make a 2D Game - Unity 4.3 Tutorial
https://youtu.be/jxmlcL67ilg

How to Fade Between Scenes in Unity
https://youtu.be/0HwZQt94uHQ

How to make a 2D Game - Promo
https://youtu.be/9h-z0AyG42k

Pixel Speed Art (Photoshop)
https://youtu.be/ivhxr2qijrY

Unity INVENTORY System MAKING ITEMS (Free Asset)
https://youtu.be/tIhk3wTydyY
Videos 376-400