
Conference Opening
https://youtu.be/AMkrib9JB7M&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFzMAS-IYBS8aLyfCh0k9hej

Discoverability and Composability Writing an ECS for Fun and Profit - José Joaquín Atria
https://youtu.be/s8SVkmxj1OQ&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFzMAS-IYBS8aLyfCh0k9hej

DistZilla and My Bundle - Dave Rolsky
https://youtu.be/h0Xx-KdAMGk&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFzMAS-IYBS8aLyfCh0k9hej

Elasticsearch Data Exploration in Your Terminal - Brad Lhotsky
https://youtu.be/cexwpN3N2j0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFzMAS-IYBS8aLyfCh0k9hej

Exploring Text-Based Protocols - Joel Berger
https://youtu.be/8fjYawHyNZY&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFzMAS-IYBS8aLyfCh0k9hej

Generating Rust from C with Perl  - Dave Rolsky (lightning talk)
https://youtu.be/HBoHv8-TZfk&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFzMAS-IYBS8aLyfCh0k9hej

Introduction to Perl Data Types - William N. Braswell, Jr.
https://youtu.be/go7Ru3QQYYs&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFzMAS-IYBS8aLyfCh0k9hej

Life after Perl (and Raku) - Peter Sergeant
https://youtu.be/kxMfnk3fQlY&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFzMAS-IYBS8aLyfCh0k9hej

Local dev setup for a complex app using docker-compose - Thomas Klausner
https://youtu.be/aDUxaBsDcDg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFzMAS-IYBS8aLyfCh0k9hej

Making Life Better with Software - Joelle Maslak
https://youtu.be/J2tVdWyqzNs&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFzMAS-IYBS8aLyfCh0k9hej

meta cpan theme - lnation (lightning talk)
https://youtu.be/XdGZmmr6jWk&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFzMAS-IYBS8aLyfCh0k9hej

My big year of Github Actions - tib (lightning talk)
https://youtu.be/LacGq8NB9Y4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFzMAS-IYBS8aLyfCh0k9hej

Open Food Facts - Stéphane (lightning talk)
https://youtu.be/imugl2dSdnU&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFzMAS-IYBS8aLyfCh0k9hej

perlimports or Where did that symbol come from - Olaf Alders
https://youtu.be/fKqxdTbGxYY&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFzMAS-IYBS8aLyfCh0k9hej

Programming Lessons from Conlangs - Daniel (lightning talk)
https://youtu.be/Xl6GRJitLuQ&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFzMAS-IYBS8aLyfCh0k9hej

Raku syntax I miss in other languages - Leon Timmermans
https://youtu.be/elalwvfmYgk&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFzMAS-IYBS8aLyfCh0k9hej

Raku, the Big - Bruce Gray
https://youtu.be/lRGRL_sVRSk&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFzMAS-IYBS8aLyfCh0k9hej

Refactoring your EXPORTS Rescuing a client from global-variable-hell - Steven Lembark
https://youtu.be/Jyamk3d-KDE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFzMAS-IYBS8aLyfCh0k9hej

Sequential Consistency & Perl & perl - B. Estrade
https://youtu.be/ypkPDUI-E-0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFzMAS-IYBS8aLyfCh0k9hej

Sequential Consistency & perl & Perl - Part 2 - B. Estrade
https://youtu.be/XOnPF5GnhHE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFzMAS-IYBS8aLyfCh0k9hej

Space - Chris Jack (lightning talk)
https://youtu.be/sLsudYhFskc&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFzMAS-IYBS8aLyfCh0k9hej

The Irregularity of Regular Expressions - Jordan Adler
https://youtu.be/yfYqE3-Wy-g&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFzMAS-IYBS8aLyfCh0k9hej

TPF Summer Activities - Makoto and JmacJason  (lightning talk)
https://youtu.be/vNRgiuqNiLs&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFzMAS-IYBS8aLyfCh0k9hej

Well Formed Catalyst - John Napiorkowski
https://youtu.be/lKmQDqoYRF4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFzMAS-IYBS8aLyfCh0k9hej

What's new in Perl - Ricardo Signes
https://youtu.be/FlGpiS39NMY&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFzMAS-IYBS8aLyfCh0k9hej
Videos 1-25