
Artificial Intelligence – more like Artificial Stupidity! - AMA
https://youtu.be/jv7LoFVpxdo&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-m7rUSdRr2sH6MBkqgnK-nQ

Automated Machine Learning with Low Code - AMA
https://youtu.be/1T5RzTSTaew&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-m7rUSdRr2sH6MBkqgnK-nQ

Azure Learning and Azure Certification - AMA ft.  Thomas Maurer with Stephen SIMON
https://youtu.be/o2zB8luw8ks&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-m7rUSdRr2sH6MBkqgnK-nQ

Azure SQL Edge - an IoT SQL Database - AMA
https://youtu.be/LtNNINmppMo&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-m7rUSdRr2sH6MBkqgnK-nQ

Azure SQL What to use when - AMA ft. Anna Hoffman with Stephen SIMON
https://youtu.be/wvPjwkoEdW8&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-m7rUSdRr2sH6MBkqgnK-nQ

Background Services with Azure Logic Apps and Azure Function - AMA
https://youtu.be/kXRMY365VRc&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-m7rUSdRr2sH6MBkqgnK-nQ

Blockchain Opportunities for Developers - AMA ft. Chris Trew
https://youtu.be/NILA03S13yM&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-m7rUSdRr2sH6MBkqgnK-nQ

Build your Power App with Dataverse in Microsoft Teams - AMA ft. Gokan Ozcifci
https://youtu.be/SgDLZSrHgck&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-m7rUSdRr2sH6MBkqgnK-nQ

Cloud Security Demystified -  AMA ft. Vijeta Pai
https://youtu.be/kWfTn7uPA0A&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-m7rUSdRr2sH6MBkqgnK-nQ

Code QualityPerformance & Application Architecture - AMA
https://youtu.be/UnaXXRxgLxA&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-m7rUSdRr2sH6MBkqgnK-nQ

Data Architecture Guide - AMA ft. Buck Woody with Stephen SIMON
https://youtu.be/Rqgln7MQjHw&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-m7rUSdRr2sH6MBkqgnK-nQ

Data Science with Visual Studio Code, PyTorch, and Azure ft. Rong Lu with Stephen SIMON
https://youtu.be/DHaFa_DIkJY&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-m7rUSdRr2sH6MBkqgnK-nQ

Developer Staying in Shape & Motivated During COVID-19 - AMA
https://youtu.be/mAbznUCmp2o&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-m7rUSdRr2sH6MBkqgnK-nQ

DotVVM – Build & Modernize  ASP.NET Apps - AMA with Tomáš Herceg
https://youtu.be/Z7qUDFDkYXU&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-m7rUSdRr2sH6MBkqgnK-nQ

Full-stack Web and Service with .NET and Node -AMA ft. Rob Richardson
https://youtu.be/039vNrfLWcs&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-m7rUSdRr2sH6MBkqgnK-nQ

Introducing Oqtane – Rocket Fuel for Blazor
https://youtu.be/gaRPnfSMQn8&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-m7rUSdRr2sH6MBkqgnK-nQ

Managing Open Source Projects with David McCarter
https://youtu.be/iE9ksRkxIfU&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-m7rUSdRr2sH6MBkqgnK-nQ

Microsoft Graph  - AMA ft. Ayça Baş
https://youtu.be/iaBY1540_ZA&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-m7rUSdRr2sH6MBkqgnK-nQ

Microsoft Teams + SharePoint = Better together - AMA
https://youtu.be/xyJvhGd9K1g&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-m7rUSdRr2sH6MBkqgnK-nQ

ML .Net - AMA ft. Daniel Costea
https://youtu.be/47Wyml6tEY8&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-m7rUSdRr2sH6MBkqgnK-nQ

Seamlessly Integrated Of PowerApps Into SharePoint - AMA ft. Gokan Ozcifci
https://youtu.be/nJ_mgstxLkY&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-m7rUSdRr2sH6MBkqgnK-nQ

SharePoint & Power Automate Better Together - AMA
https://youtu.be/ZKKMFouHB2U&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-m7rUSdRr2sH6MBkqgnK-nQ

SQL Server Edge to Cloud - AMA ft. Bob Ward
https://youtu.be/PceqVar2B_U&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-m7rUSdRr2sH6MBkqgnK-nQ

Synapse Serverless for T-SQL Ninjas - AMA ft. Nikola Ilic
https://youtu.be/XAKU4lfl5Ao&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-m7rUSdRr2sH6MBkqgnK-nQ

Typing with TypeScript - AMA  C# Corner
https://youtu.be/Uy8DnjZdMSY&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-m7rUSdRr2sH6MBkqgnK-nQ
Videos 1-25