
10 Mistakes Hackers Want You to Make by Joe Kutner
https://youtu.be/0jFAGmEVT7Y&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Adventures in autonomous sailing by  Michel Drenthe, Ivor Boers
https://youtu.be/HkqompO0BjE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Bringing Java Into the Open  by Heather VanCura
https://youtu.be/Cx8bAVJaQJE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Building better monoliths – Implementing modulithic applications with Spring  by  Oliver Gierke
https://youtu.be/0Sw4EthrT9E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Building the VoxxedDays App with Flutter by Andrew Brogdon, Matt Sullivan
https://youtu.be/Mh02rjRVIec&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Columnar data formats enabling serverless data analysis at scale by Alex Casalboni
https://youtu.be/Hi61cb2Hjlo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Common mistakes made in Functional Java by Brian Vermeer
https://youtu.be/vuFCTdywMtE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Deep Learning in Computer Vision by Krzysztof Kudrynski, Błażej Kubiak
https://youtu.be/ZGFi9AZwpug&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Deep learning, Devoxx crowd counting in realtime by Kasper Cools, Stefaan Haspeslagh
https://youtu.be/iJrz4niQ77E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Developing Native Project Vision in Teams and Individuals by Valerie Andrianova
https://youtu.be/DFsykVS0Lho&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

GraalVM Run Programs Faster Anywhere  by Oleg Šelajev, Thomas Wuerthinger
https://youtu.be/50JxcnvJjMQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Jakarta EE  MicroProfile  WebStandards, On Stage Hacking noslides by Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/_a8FVESHjlQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Java EE, Jakarta EE, MicroProfile, Or Maybe All Of Them  by Sebastian Daschner
https://youtu.be/Jemx1BrB45Y&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Java Modularity the Year After by Sander Mak
https://youtu.be/l4Dk7EF-oYc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

JHipster 5   What's new and noteworthy by Deepu K Sasidharan, Julien Dubois
https://youtu.be/NPToZd0PxbI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Kubernetes Your Next Java Application Server by Burr Sutter
https://youtu.be/T7swgJzx4a4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Machine learning algorithms, choosing the correct algorithm for your problem by Joakim Lehn
https://youtu.be/vHHKNrnNzbc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Micronaut in Action! by Iván López
https://youtu.be/aBTMn-9PPvM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Presentation 2 0 Five ways to engage your audience! by  Koffi Alain Sessi
https://youtu.be/GxerMvGNAm0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

REST beyond the obvious   API design for ever evolving systems by Oliver Gierke
https://youtu.be/x_9OJKAv-ic&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Serverless Java Challenges and Triumphs by David Delabassee
https://youtu.be/CWZ1Xk2TQT8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Stereoscopic Style Transfer AI   Art is not what you see by Martin Förtsch, Thomas Endres
https://youtu.be/DZj6gYr49Mg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Things I wish I knew when I started building Android Libraries Vol 2  by  Nishant Srivastava
https://youtu.be/jQyt3HSmx2I&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Three js, easy 3D in your browser for when two dimensions just aren't enough by Jos Dirksen
https://youtu.be/R84JU3B0jqo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Var with Style Local Variable Type Inference in Java 10 by  Stuart Marks
https://youtu.be/786iemaCJHU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH
Videos 51-75