
Private video
https://youtu.be/nkj4acZqBX0&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMs5tSUuJPLQ3bOeva04nBs

Python Basics Tutorial 500K Views
https://youtu.be/teKoDBC7Fvk&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMs5tSUuJPLQ3bOeva04nBs

Python Basics Tutorial Bisection Search Algorithm
https://youtu.be/L1NR2CNGFtQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMs5tSUuJPLQ3bOeva04nBs

Python Basics Tutorial Comma Equivalent In Digits
https://youtu.be/EUSVzKqHHSY&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMs5tSUuJPLQ3bOeva04nBs

Python Basics Tutorial Deleting Videos
https://youtu.be/JSj4Fz_WSPw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMs5tSUuJPLQ3bOeva04nBs

Python Basics Tutorial Functions To Be Tested  Unittest Module Series
https://youtu.be/tX0vrmOSUm8&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMs5tSUuJPLQ3bOeva04nBs

Python Basics Tutorial How to Solve a Variable Scope Problem
https://youtu.be/8Rgmb5m78Us&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMs5tSUuJPLQ3bOeva04nBs

Python Basics Tutorial Infinity Starting Points
https://youtu.be/zz-LGJCwSiE&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMs5tSUuJPLQ3bOeva04nBs

Python Basics Tutorial Interview Question Largest Dynamic Sliding Window Algorithm
https://youtu.be/F1eAbaorvUw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMs5tSUuJPLQ3bOeva04nBs

Python Basics Tutorial New Series Announced Interview  Challenge  Questions
https://youtu.be/ZfBZ_cep7ow&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMs5tSUuJPLQ3bOeva04nBs

Python Basics Tutorial Questions About Stock Screener API
https://youtu.be/S6VlfbWwHoI&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMs5tSUuJPLQ3bOeva04nBs

Python Basics Tutorial Self Doubt
https://youtu.be/CpB50jNsOBQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMs5tSUuJPLQ3bOeva04nBs

Python Basics Tutorial Static Jumping Sliding Window Algorithm Question
https://youtu.be/iHC8fCWCnAo&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMs5tSUuJPLQ3bOeva04nBs

Python Basics Tutorial Static Sliding Window Algorithm Question
https://youtu.be/r3qIIKOXJ0o&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMs5tSUuJPLQ3bOeva04nBs

Python Basics Tutorial This Is Why I Do This Mutual Motivation
https://youtu.be/nHEKTDMv1yo&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMs5tSUuJPLQ3bOeva04nBs

Python Basics Tutorial Throw Back Friday
https://youtu.be/qiMXn9lYEP4&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMs5tSUuJPLQ3bOeva04nBs

Python Basics Tutorial Unittest Assert AlmostEqual  Unittest Module Series
https://youtu.be/e1BE24-RYFY&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMs5tSUuJPLQ3bOeva04nBs

Python Basics Tutorial Unittest Assert Equals  Unittest Module Series
https://youtu.be/eQAJjcensx0&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMs5tSUuJPLQ3bOeva04nBs

Python Basics Tutorial Unittest Assert True  Unittest Module Series
https://youtu.be/8a7JjpVNAAY&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMs5tSUuJPLQ3bOeva04nBs

Python Basics Tutorial Unittest Introduction  Unittest Module Series
https://youtu.be/TRi76TDT64Q&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMs5tSUuJPLQ3bOeva04nBs

Python Basics Tutorial Unittest Test File  Unittest Module Series
https://youtu.be/96j0ifITgcg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMs5tSUuJPLQ3bOeva04nBs

Python Basics Tutorial Unittest TestCase Object  Unittest Module Series
https://youtu.be/b3Vetbcwfo4&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMs5tSUuJPLQ3bOeva04nBs

Python Basics Tutorial Update 10-11-21
https://youtu.be/Jscm21hCzMQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMs5tSUuJPLQ3bOeva04nBs

Python Basics Tutorial Why I Deleted Those Videos
https://youtu.be/gpeXnHvoeFY&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMs5tSUuJPLQ3bOeva04nBs
Videos 26-50