
Core Data Create a Journal App.url
https://youtu.be/FoT7v2GuYvw&list=PLHmNdpdzx21Fk3YmGzDZ_12XuXj5p9Vm7

Create Local Notification with Swift in iOS.url
https://youtu.be/9Xmm15dq3dA&list=PLHmNdpdzx21Fk3YmGzDZ_12XuXj5p9Vm7

Create Stretchy Header Effect for UITableView Tutorial - iOS Development Tutorial (Part 1).url
https://youtu.be/lML5XMLrZEk&list=PLHmNdpdzx21Fk3YmGzDZ_12XuXj5p9Vm7

Create Stretchy Header Effect for UITableView Tutorial - iOS Development Tutorial (Part 2).url
https://youtu.be/1mQ1iJWbnYY&list=PLHmNdpdzx21Fk3YmGzDZ_12XuXj5p9Vm7

Embed Youtube Video Streaming in iOS.url
https://youtu.be/l7K2XiXzrqo&list=PLHmNdpdzx21Fk3YmGzDZ_12XuXj5p9Vm7

How to Create Parallax Effect Wallpaper in iOS.url
https://youtu.be/tyjUwHd4ZAg&list=PLHmNdpdzx21Fk3YmGzDZ_12XuXj5p9Vm7

How to Make Slide Out Menu in Swift with SWRevealViewController.url
https://youtu.be/xp6zpHACVbI&list=PLHmNdpdzx21Fk3YmGzDZ_12XuXj5p9Vm7

How to Play Audio in iOS.url
https://youtu.be/nu3zFQpAMj0&list=PLHmNdpdzx21Fk3YmGzDZ_12XuXj5p9Vm7

How to Play Sounds and Vibrate in iOS App.url
https://youtu.be/TFPqf420LOE&list=PLHmNdpdzx21Fk3YmGzDZ_12XuXj5p9Vm7

How to Take Photo with Camera in iOS  Swift Tutorial  Episode #56 LIVE.url
https://youtu.be/onwiChOkhyo&list=PLHmNdpdzx21Fk3YmGzDZ_12XuXj5p9Vm7

Part 1 UITableView and UITableViewController Swift Tutorial with Xcode  Episode 43.url
https://youtu.be/-aQLnnK8f9M&list=PLHmNdpdzx21Fk3YmGzDZ_12XuXj5p9Vm7

Part 10 UITableView and UITableViewController Swift Tutorial with Xcode  Episode 52.url
https://youtu.be/KOhhlmlCE6w&list=PLHmNdpdzx21Fk3YmGzDZ_12XuXj5p9Vm7

Part 11 UITableView and UITableViewController Swift Tutorial with Xcode  Episode 53.url
https://youtu.be/diAaK--oLPs&list=PLHmNdpdzx21Fk3YmGzDZ_12XuXj5p9Vm7

Part 12 UITableView and UITableViewController Swift Tutorial with Xcode  Episode 54.url
https://youtu.be/qNknb3IDU0c&list=PLHmNdpdzx21Fk3YmGzDZ_12XuXj5p9Vm7

Part 2 UITableView and UITableViewController Swift Tutorial with Xcode  Episode 44.url
https://youtu.be/IKVin8RMwqQ&list=PLHmNdpdzx21Fk3YmGzDZ_12XuXj5p9Vm7

Part 3 UITableView and UITableViewController Swift Tutorial with Xcode  Episode 45.url
https://youtu.be/dYfN1xtjfFo&list=PLHmNdpdzx21Fk3YmGzDZ_12XuXj5p9Vm7

Part 4 UITableView and UITableViewController Swift Tutorial with Xcode  Episode 46.url
https://youtu.be/5bm7PSFUO1E&list=PLHmNdpdzx21Fk3YmGzDZ_12XuXj5p9Vm7

Part 5 UITableView and UITableViewController Swift Tutorial with Xcode  Episode 47.url
https://youtu.be/OQ_PFjH_5Kw&list=PLHmNdpdzx21Fk3YmGzDZ_12XuXj5p9Vm7

Part 6 UITableView and UITableViewController Swift Tutorial with Xcode  Episode 48.url
https://youtu.be/nUhqlLLHWb0&list=PLHmNdpdzx21Fk3YmGzDZ_12XuXj5p9Vm7

Part 7 UITableView and UITableViewController Swift Tutorial with Xcode  Episode 49.url
https://youtu.be/bX2l2x7fLYc&list=PLHmNdpdzx21Fk3YmGzDZ_12XuXj5p9Vm7

Part 8 UITableView and UITableViewController Swift Tutorial with Xcode  Episode 50.url
https://youtu.be/Pc5xFAf38rA&list=PLHmNdpdzx21Fk3YmGzDZ_12XuXj5p9Vm7

Part 9 UITableView and UITableViewController Swift Tutorial with Xcode  Episode 51.url
https://youtu.be/aeT4jWJnR-g&list=PLHmNdpdzx21Fk3YmGzDZ_12XuXj5p9Vm7

Play Videos with AVPlayer in iOS.url
https://youtu.be/fhD7hXrpExE&list=PLHmNdpdzx21Fk3YmGzDZ_12XuXj5p9Vm7

Share via Airdrop with UIActivityViewController.url
https://youtu.be/Vo5BfBGlTjU&list=PLHmNdpdzx21Fk3YmGzDZ_12XuXj5p9Vm7

UIPageViewController in Swift with Xcode  Create Walkthrough in iOS.url
https://youtu.be/K3CSBxX5VXA&list=PLHmNdpdzx21Fk3YmGzDZ_12XuXj5p9Vm7
Videos 26-50