
1 Introduction - Unity 5.3 Simple Multiplayer Game
https://youtu.be/ovUnNJlREIk

10 Shooting (Single Player) - Unity 5.3 Simple Multiplayer Game
https://youtu.be/Cm3KuIJu9gY

11 Adding Multiplayer Shooting - Unity 5.3 Simple Multiplayer Game
https://youtu.be/arhpEQFTz6k

12 Player Health (Single Player) - Unity 5.3 Simple Multiplayer Game
https://youtu.be/RcHvsH1Pf_Q

13 Networking Player Health - Unity 5.3 Simple Multiplayer Game
https://youtu.be/ZM_4hIpdQEA

2 The Network Manager - Unity 5.3 Simple Multiplayer Game
https://youtu.be/h0u2oMyAmB8

3 Setting Up The Player Prefab - Unity 5.3 Simple Multiplayer Game
https://youtu.be/-pDjMx6EEJk

4 Registering The Player Prefab - Unity 5.3 Simple Multiplayer Game
https://youtu.be/AKXrCyFALsI

5 Creating Player Movement - Unity 5.3 Simple Multiplayer Game
https://youtu.be/3I_akL6DJKs

6 Testing Player Movement Online - Unity 5.3 Simple Multiplayer Game
https://youtu.be/4mJVC5om5pk

7 Networking Player Movement - Unity 5.3 Simple Multiplayer Game
https://youtu.be/NIur25vCYYk

8 Testing Multiplayer Movement - Unity 5.3 Simple Multiplayer Game
https://youtu.be/CiAsvr11XaM

9 Identifying The Local Player - Unity 5.3 Simple Multiplayer Game
https://youtu.be/IjJFJrWkoYE

GTGD S3 Now available on Steam!
https://youtu.be/7Ur24hT3eTM

GTGD S3 Why my Steam store page looks the way it does
https://youtu.be/hV41cNxAPSU

[124] Destructible Degenerate - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/WAujk0RXoW8

[125] Destructible Player Inventory Update - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/X__NFgvxUpw

[126] Scorpion81 Fracture - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/engBu7oE0u4

[127] Destructible Activate Shards - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/FCZj2jipDbQ

[128] Item Drop - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/x2u6Tk2TRCQ

[129] Item Transparency - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/vWu1JVYTx6s

[130] Item Set Rotation - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/VVGBqR2DUfo

[131] Pocket Hut Part 1 - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/MMGRCFiFxhk

[132] Pocket Hut Part 2 - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/FsxzDeA-g6A

[133] Pocket Hut Part 3 - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/Si_ymvkFby0
Videos 126-150