
Approximate Functions with HDL-Optimized Lookup Tables
https://youtu.be/Vl0dBWn9CiI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qP0rqfgXPL8oQY_ls8ge40

Customizing Embedded Coder® for Perfect C Code
https://youtu.be/102Fx4TvW2s&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qP0rqfgXPL8oQY_ls8ge40

Deep Network Quantization and Deployment
https://youtu.be/jufOpBeSvHM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qP0rqfgXPL8oQY_ls8ge40

Defining AUTOSAR Component Interfaces
https://youtu.be/nEUcoG9jZ_I&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qP0rqfgXPL8oQY_ls8ge40

Deploying Simscape Models on Real-Time Hardware with HDL Coder
https://youtu.be/cWywy6WoYlk&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qP0rqfgXPL8oQY_ls8ge40

Designing and Optimizing MATLAB Algorithms for HDL Code Generation
https://youtu.be/eLPlA_LuK28&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qP0rqfgXPL8oQY_ls8ge40

Designing Software Architectures Using AUTOSAR Blockset
https://youtu.be/Ys7pE2Vs-44&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qP0rqfgXPL8oQY_ls8ge40

Enforce Constraints for PID Controllers
https://youtu.be/SLM_yjMHw5o&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qP0rqfgXPL8oQY_ls8ge40

Event Scheduling with the Schedule Editor
https://youtu.be/43IZqQeJBaM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qP0rqfgXPL8oQY_ls8ge40

Half-Precision Math in Modeling and Code Generation
https://youtu.be/05pAQjTH6iM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qP0rqfgXPL8oQY_ls8ge40

How to Build a Linux Executable from an AUTOSAR Adaptive Model in Simulink
https://youtu.be/kjt3s1pqT7k&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qP0rqfgXPL8oQY_ls8ge40

How to Import C Code into Simulink for Testing
https://youtu.be/atfO_3Wt2t8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qP0rqfgXPL8oQY_ls8ge40

Importing OpenCV Code into Simulink
https://youtu.be/eYtLp39XDvQ&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qP0rqfgXPL8oQY_ls8ge40

MATLAB Online Server – Host MATLAB Online on Your Infrastructure
https://youtu.be/x1a82LH8cJs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qP0rqfgXPL8oQY_ls8ge40

Modeling and Simulating Basic Software with AUTOSAR Blockset
https://youtu.be/2BzZbdYYgLM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qP0rqfgXPL8oQY_ls8ge40

Performing Parametric Analysis with System Composer
https://youtu.be/Hrrr1gsoOXE&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qP0rqfgXPL8oQY_ls8ge40

Prototype FPGA Design on Hardware from the MATLAB Command Line
https://youtu.be/SBxVgySjg0Q&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qP0rqfgXPL8oQY_ls8ge40

Scheduling for AUTOSAR Architecture Models in Simulink
https://youtu.be/XnU91m-AMPk&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qP0rqfgXPL8oQY_ls8ge40

Using MATLAB with Python
https://youtu.be/6Ji4vuJg2dw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qP0rqfgXPL8oQY_ls8ge40

Using the C Caller Block to Call a C Function with a Global Variable Interface
https://youtu.be/ONrb_UYTWYs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qP0rqfgXPL8oQY_ls8ge40

Using the C Function Block to Integrate Custom Code in Simulink
https://youtu.be/kymy8hld9cI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qP0rqfgXPL8oQY_ls8ge40
Code Generation  Developer Tech Showcase