
A Python Takeover
https://youtu.be/k-wbWT8KwAI&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Beyond Python Enhanced Generators
https://youtu.be/yWR00Y6tkC8&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Building a Scientific Software Application with the Enthought Tool Suite
https://youtu.be/F4qHeJqlYbk&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Combining Embedded and Interactive Python in a Debugger  A Case Study
https://youtu.be/a6oHHGIV3r4&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Data Driven Cache Invalidation
https://youtu.be/U_IZVEZImq4&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Deploying web applications to the cloud with Python
https://youtu.be/zvwi-PLrCgE&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Derivatives Analytics with Python & Numpy
https://youtu.be/c4WltP4-Xlk&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Developing Desktop and mobile apps with PySide and QML
https://youtu.be/isDQXSv5kGw&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Django productivity tips and tricks
https://youtu.be/l5E3BZOZ7Qg&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

EuroPython 2011 Video Reportage!
https://youtu.be/eu_vAisNHVA&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Fun with Python's newer tools
https://youtu.be/twrNGyl1sbc&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Healthcare process management in Python a use case
https://youtu.be/btyuUwcfLW0&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Introduction to Qt
https://youtu.be/oY0h-ZKrdA8&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

JSON data + RML template = PDF report
https://youtu.be/yf34NCtdxVI&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Man Page of the Warrior of Light
https://youtu.be/uh92G5RDiiA&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Precompiling and deploying Python to any Linux, Mac OS X or FreeBSD system
https://youtu.be/Lil248rRPYw&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Refactoring PyChart
https://youtu.be/Av6KcdWvWnU&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Scraping Techniques to Extract Advertisements from Web Pages
https://youtu.be/IL4o0HSGOsU&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Snakes on a cloud the OpenStack project
https://youtu.be/k9NGWSqcmDI&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Sqlkit empowering database access
https://youtu.be/UwV2Hdb8XQQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

sqlmap - security development in Python
https://youtu.be/O3mdKNjsdlQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

The London Python Code Dojo - an Education in Developer Education
https://youtu.be/vMjnjmUcldA&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

The political implications of having fun (while programming open source)
https://youtu.be/SVXq0LfuPUE&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

What is Google App Engine
https://youtu.be/YiimQ3zyxRQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

What makes Python so AWESOME
https://youtu.be/u1sVfGEBKWQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH
Videos 1-25