
Documenting DAX Code by Adding Comments  Single and Multi Line Comments
https://youtu.be/tPjkeSCGC20&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8RaAWZyIaH9DN7E-IvWe_C

Excel’s countif sumif and averageif in Power BI
https://youtu.be/q7NH_uzkWJ4&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8RaAWZyIaH9DN7E-IvWe_C

Excel’s countifs sumifs and avergaeifs in power bi
https://youtu.be/Si364zvD1Yc&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8RaAWZyIaH9DN7E-IvWe_C

Exporting a Power BI Report or Dashboard into PDF Document
https://youtu.be/X9s1J_pfSjY&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8RaAWZyIaH9DN7E-IvWe_C

Exporting Power BI Report or Dashboard into PowerPoint
https://youtu.be/bkmWLijOeM0&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8RaAWZyIaH9DN7E-IvWe_C

Format the DAX Code to Clean and Easily Read It
https://youtu.be/XwclWwqj6tk&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8RaAWZyIaH9DN7E-IvWe_C

Group By DAX FunctionTo Create New Grouped Tables in Power BI
https://youtu.be/OcSh_qcTc9k&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8RaAWZyIaH9DN7E-IvWe_C

How to Conditionally Create New Table in Power BI using DAX Function
https://youtu.be/6OqXv3t9tN8&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8RaAWZyIaH9DN7E-IvWe_C

How to Create a Custom Power BI Table using in built create table feature
https://youtu.be/FL0yDE-VLP4&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8RaAWZyIaH9DN7E-IvWe_C

How to Create a measure table in power bi to keep all measures at one place
https://youtu.be/GWEi-HczFyk&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8RaAWZyIaH9DN7E-IvWe_C

How to Create a New Summarized Table from Existing Table in Power BI
https://youtu.be/-q-k3r_mNkE&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8RaAWZyIaH9DN7E-IvWe_C

How to Find Unique and Duplicate Values Count in Power BI Based on Multiple Conditions
https://youtu.be/DMHNGfcHzZ8&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8RaAWZyIaH9DN7E-IvWe_C

How to Summarize Values in Power BI Regardless of Filter using DAX Function AllExcept
https://youtu.be/KQq988-_Cyg&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8RaAWZyIaH9DN7E-IvWe_C

Power BI Dashboard Design Project Tutorial for Visualizing HR Diversity
https://youtu.be/eshO9EDgvDw&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8RaAWZyIaH9DN7E-IvWe_C

Power BI Dashboard for Twitter for Analyzing Tweets  Design  Idea  Project
https://youtu.be/A8bTMHIOnzE&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8RaAWZyIaH9DN7E-IvWe_C

Power BI DAX Formula on How to find best selling product Name and display it in visualization


Power BI DAX Function To Find Unique or Duplicate Values in Power BI
https://youtu.be/0oXThzJLkWg&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8RaAWZyIaH9DN7E-IvWe_C

Power BI DAX Shortcuts to Increase Productivity
https://youtu.be/8FEfmdPoqNM&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8RaAWZyIaH9DN7E-IvWe_C

Power BI KPI Dashboard Design for Financial Complaints
https://youtu.be/YU3Gd2fX1Ac&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8RaAWZyIaH9DN7E-IvWe_C

Power BI KPI Dashboard Project for HR Analytics
https://youtu.be/KYP3jWq5w0o&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8RaAWZyIaH9DN7E-IvWe_C

Understanding Workspace in Power BI to Publish Workbooks and Datasets
https://youtu.be/N-g-hHAbI9o&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8RaAWZyIaH9DN7E-IvWe_C

Using Power BI Variables for Debugging or Testing DAX Code
https://youtu.be/5h8E5mmcoNg&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8RaAWZyIaH9DN7E-IvWe_C

Variables in Power BI to Manage DAX Code
https://youtu.be/oHPCBAYoX90&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8RaAWZyIaH9DN7E-IvWe_C

[DAX] How to Create a new table from existing table in Power BI with Distinct Values
https://youtu.be/R3oTbCQu8RE&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8RaAWZyIaH9DN7E-IvWe_C

[Power BI] How to Calculate the Sales Value of Best Selling Product using DAX
https://youtu.be/y6EEI9lVbR8&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8RaAWZyIaH9DN7E-IvWe_C
Videos 151-175