
2D or 3D Unity Dev - What's better
https://youtu.be/jp4xyrW7GYA&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_UgK6OrQjFVfSQBdMZBD0D0

3 Interesting Ways Scriptable Objects can fix YOUR Unity3d project now!
https://youtu.be/BFYRUDk6TDs&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_UgK6OrQjFVfSQBdMZBD0D0

5 Game Tools for YOU
https://youtu.be/Jy9HFaBt0_w&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_UgK6OrQjFVfSQBdMZBD0D0

6 MUST USE Packages for Unity3D
https://youtu.be/aqWGpdLSvr4&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_UgK6OrQjFVfSQBdMZBD0D0

6 Useful Unity3D Things (one I just learned!)
https://youtu.be/KRq0-0KY6bU&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_UgK6OrQjFVfSQBdMZBD0D0

8 game dev jobs to choose from - which is right for you unity3d
https://youtu.be/v24j8vzR0CY&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_UgK6OrQjFVfSQBdMZBD0D0

Best to stay Motivated and Get your gamedev Done
https://youtu.be/4dmI9nQZ97M&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_UgK6OrQjFVfSQBdMZBD0D0

Do these 7 things for EVERY game!
https://youtu.be/1f4mkY8jUdY&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_UgK6OrQjFVfSQBdMZBD0D0

Every Unity Developer should use this Now!
https://youtu.be/iUIjiKtILUc&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_UgK6OrQjFVfSQBdMZBD0D0

FINISH & RELEASE a unity game - spare time game dev (only 6 hours a week)
https://youtu.be/k7HiSo8Aa0U&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_UgK6OrQjFVfSQBdMZBD0D0

How much $ do game devs make - What my first game job paid - double money
https://youtu.be/RuxDnm61uBU&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_UgK6OrQjFVfSQBdMZBD0D0

How to Break Out of them - IMPORTANT if you're a gamedev
https://youtu.be/z__BeQtsvIo&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_UgK6OrQjFVfSQBdMZBD0D0

I LIED - Game Engines & Framework
https://youtu.be/bmxIincTZIc&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_UgK6OrQjFVfSQBdMZBD0D0

Is GameDev REALLY a fun job
https://youtu.be/eK76Xpu7eTA&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_UgK6OrQjFVfSQBdMZBD0D0

Make games in Unity as a solo developer with no  at all!
https://youtu.be/WIeD-dGI06o&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_UgK6OrQjFVfSQBdMZBD0D0

PICK GameDev VS Enterprise
https://youtu.be/8CZ8khKdFKM&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_UgK6OrQjFVfSQBdMZBD0D0

Play all day The Life of a Game Developer
https://youtu.be/PcVztFfYChc&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_UgK6OrQjFVfSQBdMZBD0D0

Private video
https://youtu.be/iIu76Ro0h0k&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_UgK6OrQjFVfSQBdMZBD0D0

Prototyping Games in Unity
https://youtu.be/x10P0RNHm4M&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_UgK6OrQjFVfSQBdMZBD0D0

SAVE $1,000,000's with a free INSTANT tool
https://youtu.be/fvDKQ9w4Ttg&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_UgK6OrQjFVfSQBdMZBD0D0

unity3d mistake YOU don't want to make
https://youtu.be/rHRjsQOR11w&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_UgK6OrQjFVfSQBdMZBD0D0

What gamedev job is right for you
https://youtu.be/vEFD_ZSoODY&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_UgK6OrQjFVfSQBdMZBD0D0

When to build your first multiplayer game & how to learn the unity networking
https://youtu.be/D1UvfCpUEWI&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_UgK6OrQjFVfSQBdMZBD0D0

Where to Get Art as a Programmer
https://youtu.be/FMobGBZC9c0&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_UgK6OrQjFVfSQBdMZBD0D0

Who's Right Game Designer VS Programmer
https://youtu.be/IlnKOZQw2y4&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_UgK6OrQjFVfSQBdMZBD0D0
Videos 1-25