
Alex Vinyals - Ingesting 35 million hotel images with python in the cloud.
https://youtu.be/Rz7DsPcc34w&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Andreas Klostermann - Brainwaves for Hackers 3.0
https://youtu.be/9gcIiYf4-o0&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Andrew Burrows - Testing the untestable a beginner’s guide to mock objects
https://youtu.be/jsjParCB7BU&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Anjana Vakil - Exploring Python Bytecode
https://youtu.be/GNPKBICTF2w&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Anna Herlihy - Wrestling Python into LLVM Intermediate Representation
https://youtu.be/knL-c9WIru8&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Christie WilsonMichael Tom-Wing - System Testing with pytest and docker-py
https://youtu.be/EDpwvvU-sPY&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Claudia Guirao Fernández - Python, Data & Rock'n'Roll
https://youtu.be/v_F9CnpgOd8&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Elizaveta Shashkova - Monkey-patching a magic trick or a powerful tool
https://youtu.be/ZpJxwpyJpq4&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Facundo Batista - Entendiendo Unicode
https://youtu.be/Dr1R4ZlVLxI&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Fernando Masanori AshikagaPaola Katherine PachecoKátia Nakamura - import community
https://youtu.be/S05NuIlh7vo&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Florian Wilhelm - Handling GPS Data with Python
https://youtu.be/9Q8nEA_0ccg&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Hynek Schlawack - Get Instrumented!
https://youtu.be/1OB0w4b_3l0&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Ian Lewis - Deep Learning with Python & TensorFlow
https://youtu.be/yZuxcR8jxlw&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Iker Martinez de Agirre Mendia - Datu bistaratze soluzioen garapena Smartcity proiektuetan
https://youtu.be/EUepVkcgV18&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Jatsu Argarate - Buildout Django eta Fabric. Kasu praktikoa euskarazko tokiko hedabideetan
https://youtu.be/1c5IlIQhiqY&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

John Sutherland - Iteration, iteration, iteration
https://youtu.be/qKPNubOwSJ0&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

L. Ozaeta - Endor, ipuinak kontatzen zituen Nao robota.
https://youtu.be/llN1L0TA9aU&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Malwina Nowakowska - RESTful API - Best Practices.
https://youtu.be/LAxOj0mtq6I&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Mariano Anaya - Clean code in Python
https://youtu.be/7ADbOHW1dTA&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Michał Karzyński - Building beautiful RESTful APIs using Flask
https://youtu.be/OTWs0wPHU-g&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Mike BRIGHT - Jupyter for everything else
https://youtu.be/wG6u51uuXEA&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Mikel Larreategi - EITB Nahieran askatu bideoak API honen bidez
https://youtu.be/275mrqsjhI8&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Peter Hoffmann - SQLAlchemy as the backbone of a Data Science company
https://youtu.be/rTVDlBMaI7I&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Stephan Jaensch - Building Service interfaces with OpenAPI  Swagger
https://youtu.be/QWF3GNWV4_w&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Tobias Oberstein - Scaling Microservices with Crossbar.io
https://youtu.be/DTKlo8w6QIo&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm
Videos 126-150