
Adam Hitchcock - How DISQUS does it when it isn't Django
https://youtu.be/AkWS957LwyU&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Alessandro Amici - Coding competitions with PyPy aka Python for the win!
https://youtu.be/jjXWVhVMR9k&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Alessandro Amici - Programmazione competitiva con PyPy Vincere con Python!
https://youtu.be/XoItc3DIIF4&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Andrew Mleczko - Celery and Social Networks. 5 Things I Have Learned During Earthquake Hackathon
https://youtu.be/2MZ1VbYQrfY&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Andrey Vlasovskikh - Static analysis of Python
https://youtu.be/lJtED-xN-HE&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Antonio Cuni - Bug hunting for dummies
https://youtu.be/G7yjwiwlVUA&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Aureliana Barghini - Simulare l'assetto e l'orbita di un satellite con SymPy e PyEphem
https://youtu.be/fyvSnpHo7_g&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

C  Boudjnah Introduction to OpenStack Swift
https://youtu.be/EvIsHvR5PFw&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

David Cramer - Open Source as a Business
https://youtu.be/PVRVKYus7tI&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

E  Janssens &  J  Dierckx The next iteration of your GUI
https://youtu.be/2LoNmCtoAXg&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Ezio Melotti - Understanding Encodings
https://youtu.be/kdVypb05VOI&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

F  Percoco Marconi Queuing and Notification service for OpenStack
https://youtu.be/iNOd7-_TdDo&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

F  Xicluna Lets code with style
https://youtu.be/_gSMatUoPTo&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

F Percoco OpenStack A python based IaaS provider( no audio sometimes)
https://youtu.be/7w3eCB3vgig&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Fabrizio Manfredi, Federico Mosca - Uno sguardo agli internal di RestFS
https://youtu.be/UOWgwd56Vuw&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

H  Krosing PostgreSQL is Web Scale Really
https://youtu.be/TZeGN7baT5A&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

H. Schlawack Solid Python Application Deployments For Everybody
https://youtu.be/RvbDCzroavY&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

H.Percival Obey the Testing Goat! Rigorous Test Driven Web Development with Django and Selenium Pt1
https://youtu.be/Pz-DIkpk7PM&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Helger Krekel - pytest - rapid and simple testing with Python
https://youtu.be/k6Z2JHUmZXM&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

John Britton - Git Internals - Graphs, Hashes, and Compression
https://youtu.be/I-lGyn3PHP4&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

K. Schluehr Functional testing with Python
https://youtu.be/kRCtKrsqxks&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

M  Müller Faster Python Programs through Optimization Part 1
https://youtu.be/H-AfWZ5uios&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

M  Müller Faster Python Programs through Optimization Part 2
https://youtu.be/kJh3emqbco8&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

P  Enfedaque Python objects essentials  Part 1
https://youtu.be/SwSQ-hTiBW0&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

R.  Collins TDM Test Driven Madness
https://youtu.be/Nj4nwh_VrPM&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE
Videos 126-150