
Building Logic - Waiting Queue in Battle Royale Tycoon (Unity 2D)
https://youtu.be/R0AzwHO_gpA

Guest AI - Waiting Queue in Battle Royale Tycoon (Unity 2D Tutorial)
https://youtu.be/m0stYEgA0xI

Modify Positions - Waiting Queue in Battle Royale Tycoon (Unity 2D)
https://youtu.be/hYDG_b1ZuxU

Resource Node Object - Simple AI Resource Gatherer (Unity Tutorial)
https://youtu.be/anY7j4z9TNg

Resource Storing - Simple AI Resource Gatherer (Unity Tutorial)
https://youtu.be/7sFKdkbzKaA

Simple AI Resource Gatherer (Unity Tutorial)
https://youtu.be/__tU3_tmgKA

Simple UI Setup (Unity Tutorial for Beginners)
https://youtu.be/VHFJgQraVUs

Task System in Battle Royale Tycoon (Unity Tutorial)
https://youtu.be/2QwY-snyllE

Task Types - Task System in Battle Royale Tycoon (Unity 2D Tutorial)
https://youtu.be/yyBy04Dr9zM

Time Tick System (Unity Tutorial)
https://youtu.be/NFvmfoRnarY

Time Tick System Static (Unity Tutorial)
https://youtu.be/FNFJ_R9zqXI

Unity Color as Hexadecimal String (Unity Tutorial)
https://youtu.be/CMGn2giYLc8

Unity Tutorial - Character Portrait Multiple Windows
https://youtu.be/bernoTL4ZM4

Unity Tutorial - Character Portrait Stats
https://youtu.be/0KxDxWV4Nuk

Unity Tutorial - Character Portrait Window
https://youtu.be/_DjR2O8EKPA

Unity Tutorial - Create a Graph Axis Labels
https://youtu.be/3ozu5osNw-I

Unity Tutorial - Create a Graph Bar Chart
https://youtu.be/hy4IID--Ue0

Unity Tutorial - Create a Graph Dynamic X Axis
https://youtu.be/4nwAtbhsLEg

Unity Tutorial - Create a Graph Dynamic Y Axis
https://youtu.be/iIVBu-z0Akw

Unity Tutorial - Create a Graph Visual Interface
https://youtu.be/oohD8x2xios

Unity Tutorial - Quest Arrow Pointer
https://youtu.be/dHzeHh-3bp4

Unity Tutorial - Quest Pointer Colors and Sprites
https://youtu.be/QRr3bdL9_xk

Unity Tutorial - Quest Pointer Multiple Arrows
https://youtu.be/fsgHurEHEbQ

Unity Tutorial for Beginners - Simple 2D Scene Setup
https://youtu.be/Py8akSRnwuI

What is a GameObject (Unity Tutorial for Beginners)
https://youtu.be/uCA8Q3nwaz4
Videos 526-550