
Activity Profiler in Stateflow
https://youtu.be/xw8va2xOHfg&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Adding MCU Peripheral Modeling in Motor Control Using SoC Blockset
https://youtu.be/fGNM6zF9NnQ&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Allocating Architectures of a Tire Pressure Monitoring System in System Composer
https://youtu.be/ZHTwhn2QSto&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Configuration References
https://youtu.be/Bcg_fqZyDfk&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Data Engineering for Engineering Data
https://youtu.be/MoUV-g2UNjI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Deploying Simscape Models on Real-Time Hardware with HDL Coder
https://youtu.be/cWywy6WoYlk&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Detecting Modeling Clones
https://youtu.be/rjx1gSFbfdU&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Driving Scenarios and Virtual Sensors for Automated Driving
https://youtu.be/flI5P5wV2Yw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Event Scheduling with the Schedule Editor
https://youtu.be/43IZqQeJBaM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

How to Set Up Your Own Deep Learning Experiments
https://youtu.be/AnQYFZ62KWI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Implementing a 5G Application on Xilinx RFSoC Using SoC Blockset
https://youtu.be/BS454e2VA-s&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Importing OpenCV Code into Simulink
https://youtu.be/eYtLp39XDvQ&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Interactively Build Experiments to Fine-Tune and Compare Deep Learning Networks
https://youtu.be/qBz06dAwTpY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Interactively Retiming a Timetable in the Live Editor
https://youtu.be/aisif9k30oc&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Latest Code Generation Advances Deployment to CPU
https://youtu.be/395ztmTPL6w&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

MATLAB Profiler with Flame Graph
https://youtu.be/uvZcGjNBjWU&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Modeling and Simulating Basic Software with AUTOSAR Blockset
https://youtu.be/2BzZbdYYgLM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Multi-Object Tracking for Autonomous Vehicles
https://youtu.be/dh9x58FYK3M&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Near Real-Time Streaming Analytics Using MATLAB Production Server
https://youtu.be/yzJYdrG8gw8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

New Simulink Solvers for Hybrid Systems ode1be and odeN
https://youtu.be/oj19T0zPlkY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Protecting Intellectual Property When Sharing Models
https://youtu.be/l8Kgc3BrhSE&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Simulink Online
https://youtu.be/AWpIBLwhnDM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Using the C Caller Block to Call a C Function with a Global Variable Interface
https://youtu.be/ONrb_UYTWYs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Using the C Function Block to Integrate Custom Code in Simulink
https://youtu.be/kymy8hld9cI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Variants in Stateflow
https://youtu.be/2zL4hUvd-fY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ
Videos 51-75