
justforfunc #19 mastering io.Pipes
https://youtu.be/LHZ2CAZE6Gs&list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ

justforfunc #20 code reviewing ursho (part 1)
https://youtu.be/SWKuYLqouIY&list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ

justforfunc #21 reviewing ursho II - using PostgreSQL
https://youtu.be/zBc338CZRpk&list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ

justforfunc #22 using the Go execution tracer
https://youtu.be/ySy3sR1LFCQ&list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ

justforfunc #23 plotting latency distributions with gonum
https://youtu.be/77ZFKuMLkp4&list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ

justforfunc #24 what's the most common identifier in the Go stdlib
https://youtu.be/k23xhJoTbI4&list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ

justforfunc #25 deeper program analysis with goparser
https://youtu.be/YRWCa84pykM&list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ

justforfunc #26 why are there nil channels in Go
https://youtu.be/t9bEg2A4jsw&list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ

justforfunc #27 two ways of merging N channels
https://youtu.be/B64hIRjNvLc&list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ

justforfunc #28 Basic Benchmarks
https://youtu.be/2AulMm-hsdI&list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ

justforfunc #29 dependency injection in a code review
https://youtu.be/ifBUfIb7kdo&list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ

justforfunc #30 The Basics of Protocol Buffers
https://youtu.be/_jQ3i_fyqGA&list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ

justforfunc #31 gRPC Basics
https://youtu.be/uolTUtioIrc&list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ

justforfunc #32 CLI tools with Cobra
https://youtu.be/WvWPGVKLvR4&list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ

justforfunc #33 the Rise And Fall of CORBA
https://youtu.be/zgSZNCltUD0&list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ

justforfunc #34 Plotting Data with gonumplot (ML4G #1)
https://youtu.be/ihP7lQivA6M&list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ

justforfunc #35 Implementing the tree command from scratch
https://youtu.be/XbKSssBftLM&list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ

justforfunc #36 Versions, build constraints, and ldflags
https://youtu.be/-XSlev-d7UY&list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ

justforfunc #37 sync.Pool from the pool
https://youtu.be/rfXSrgIGrKo&list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ

justforfunc #38 Linear Regression with Gradient Descent (ML4G #2)
https://youtu.be/ZPd_fKyrX48&list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ

justforfunc #39 code reviews are back!
https://youtu.be/ijoM44hksmY&list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ

justforfunc #40 CSVQL - serving CSV with SQL (part 1)
https://youtu.be/bcRDXAraprk&list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ

justforfunc #41 CSVQL - serving CSV with SQL (part 2)
https://youtu.be/wIrS5Lqi-xg&list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ

justforfunc #42 Intro to Go Modules and SemVer
https://youtu.be/aeF3l-zmPsY&list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ

justforfunc #43 Migrating Go Modules to v2+
https://youtu.be/H_4eRD8aegk&list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ
Videos 1-25