
10 Kotlin Tricks in 10 ish minutes by Jake Wharton
https://youtu.be/0sPzDwS55wM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Apache OpenWhisk by Animesh Singh and John Zaccone
https://youtu.be/phsSvI7JB48&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Bean Validation 2 0 by Emmanuel Bernard
https://youtu.be/pNmzT4K9aTw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Blurring the line between Developer and Data scientist with PixieDust by David Taieb
https://youtu.be/VaC-NI-Ey5c&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Building reactive microservices with Vert.x 3.3 by Erwin de Gier
https://youtu.be/ho9QSSPVJVU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Cassandra - an introduction by Hanneli Tavante
https://youtu.be/fnl_F2nBt9U&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

CDI 2.0 New & Noteworthy by John Ament
https://youtu.be/Zm7KueTn000&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Cloud Native Java with Josh Long
https://youtu.be/cX7_I58NiAI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Collections.compare(JDK, Eclipse, Guava, Apache...); by Lima, Nanivadekar and Raab
https://youtu.be/hWwbPguayNA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Deep Android Integrations by Ty Smith
https://youtu.be/Ou9jJrL1A88&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

HTTP2 Two Years Later by Jesse McConnell and Simone Bordet
https://youtu.be/6tNqAFQ_gAc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Implementing IoT Architectures with Open Source by Benjamin Cabe
https://youtu.be/LK_a1RtCspo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Is your JavaScript ready for the Enterprise by Chadwick Chow
https://youtu.be/yeIsmNsvGag&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Lean and Easy IoT applications with OSGi and Eclipse Concierge by Jan Rellermeyer
https://youtu.be/rnWvpPy5F7c&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Migrating to Java 9 Modules by Paul Bakker
https://youtu.be/TEoexFsDP6A&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Navigating the React Solar System by Ben Ilegbodu
https://youtu.be/JMUDhLz-QkU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Preventing null pointer exceptions at compile time by Michael Ernst and Werner Dietl
https://youtu.be/uS-QAv400ps&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Purikura culture in Japan and our web app architecture by Koichi Sakata
https://youtu.be/Kcs2t7_VeQs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Robots for the Kids in All of Us by Nikhil Nanivadekar
https://youtu.be/nlRhL892hXw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Scaling Reliability So You Want to Add a 9 by Moses Nakamura
https://youtu.be/Zl164zcY4ME&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

The ISS position in real time on my mobile in less than 15mn  Yes, we can. by Audrey Neveu
https://youtu.be/rNhujVaZf2M&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Typing in Java, Kotlin and Scala by Hanneli Tavante and Breandan Considine
https://youtu.be/9h0XjuU0Ipk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Understanding Dagger 2's Codegen implementation by Gregory Kick
https://youtu.be/-UWWFBEhW3Q&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

What's New in Java EE Security JSR-375 and Beyond by Will Hopkins
https://youtu.be/D0SfxPvUj18&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Writing an InfoQ mini book with Asciidoctor by Matt Raible
https://youtu.be/_1QzrojHnic&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm
Videos 76-100