
Abe's Oddyssey (PS1) - Working Down The Ol' Meat Factory
https://youtu.be/rbQOKC7-iV8&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_VJ7MYfQYHJmJ7tnEeNPJAs

Cyborg Justice (SEGA Genesis) - Fighting Robots!
https://youtu.be/4SoXoA-OXY8&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_VJ7MYfQYHJmJ7tnEeNPJAs

Die Hard Trilogy - Yippee Ki Yay, Melon Farmers!
https://youtu.be/qIqHjQ5pRaY&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_VJ7MYfQYHJmJ7tnEeNPJAs

HELICOPTER OF DOOM! - DESERT STRIKE (GENESIS)
https://youtu.be/xwD4ev467Aw&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_VJ7MYfQYHJmJ7tnEeNPJAs

IT'S MOVIE MORPHIN' TIME! - Mighty Morphin Power Rangers The Movie
https://youtu.be/i_fmmQCQsO0&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_VJ7MYfQYHJmJ7tnEeNPJAs

Jurassic Park Rampage Edition - Let's Be A Bad Ass Raptor!
https://youtu.be/_aYDrUdLLls&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_VJ7MYfQYHJmJ7tnEeNPJAs

LOOK AT MY MUSCLES! - Streets Of Rage
https://youtu.be/vG3ELhFXtow&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_VJ7MYfQYHJmJ7tnEeNPJAs

Lost Vikings - Vikings In Spaaaaaaaace
https://youtu.be/3DCv_hPADMA&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_VJ7MYfQYHJmJ7tnEeNPJAs

Mega Man Legends - Shooting Robots In The Face
https://youtu.be/wGvi7rQcRr0&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_VJ7MYfQYHJmJ7tnEeNPJAs

Mega Man The Wily Wars - IT'S OLD AND SLIGHTLY NEW
https://youtu.be/RgXCbLBmrsk&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_VJ7MYfQYHJmJ7tnEeNPJAs

Metal Gear Solid - Snaaaaaaaaake! - MGS Week
https://youtu.be/3aJPp36XTcs&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_VJ7MYfQYHJmJ7tnEeNPJAs

Metal Gear Solid 2 - Hey Look, It's Raiden! We Should Probably Just Stab Him Or Something Right
https://youtu.be/doQ9EHSr75g&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_VJ7MYfQYHJmJ7tnEeNPJAs

Metal Gear Solid 3 - Gotta Get Back In Time
https://youtu.be/I8SEA3MHoH4&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_VJ7MYfQYHJmJ7tnEeNPJAs

Micro Machines (GENESIS) - Surprisingly Small and Surprisingly Frustrating
https://youtu.be/fcCA-ADRbEM&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_VJ7MYfQYHJmJ7tnEeNPJAs

Mighty Morphin Power Rangers (SNES) - Ai Ai Ai Ai Ai Zordon!
https://youtu.be/rLylVSnICWQ&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_VJ7MYfQYHJmJ7tnEeNPJAs

Pokemon Crystal Vietnamese - This makes no sense
https://youtu.be/5b29HRw5ZfE&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_VJ7MYfQYHJmJ7tnEeNPJAs

PUNCHING BIKERS IN THE FACE! - Road Rash
https://youtu.be/Uufax2bOIgE&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_VJ7MYfQYHJmJ7tnEeNPJAs

Skitchin - TIME TO GET RADICAL, DUDE!
https://youtu.be/JGa9fZ-femw&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_VJ7MYfQYHJmJ7tnEeNPJAs

Sonic Advance - Rolling Around At The Speed Of Sound
https://youtu.be/agUjvp6-P9c&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_VJ7MYfQYHJmJ7tnEeNPJAs

Spider Man and Venom; Maximum Carnage - Spidey Can't Climb!
https://youtu.be/hNSU6qaZWLA&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_VJ7MYfQYHJmJ7tnEeNPJAs

Spyro The Dragon ft. Andy from A+Start - The Most Annoying Dragon In The World
https://youtu.be/MvPeG3wucoY&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_VJ7MYfQYHJmJ7tnEeNPJAs

Syphon Filter - Let's Electrocute Him Until He Bursts Into Flames!
https://youtu.be/47C-2-9Luzc&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_VJ7MYfQYHJmJ7tnEeNPJAs

THE BADDEST KAIJU IN TOWN! - Super Godzilla
https://youtu.be/OKVAxedm2ZI&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_VJ7MYfQYHJmJ7tnEeNPJAs

Tomba - JUMPING ON PIGS IS FUN!
https://youtu.be/x_tP30C51HU&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_VJ7MYfQYHJmJ7tnEeNPJAs

Winter Olympics Nagano 98 - Snowboarding Superstar!
https://youtu.be/1viIHScV5Qk&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_VJ7MYfQYHJmJ7tnEeNPJAs
Videos 1-25