
Advanced Background Jobs in Rails Batching
https://youtu.be/EBFW8ktACEk

Affiliate & Referrals Programs with Stripe & Rewardful
https://youtu.be/Bu_HUpcNbgE

AJAX Nested Comments in Rails  Preview
https://youtu.be/O1T6icdMiKA

API Authentication as an OAuth Provider  Preview
https://youtu.be/M3f7cxtdglI

Auto-detect User Time Zones in Rails  Preview
https://youtu.be/fKHpX65-yhk

Deleting Nested Comments in Rails  Preview
https://youtu.be/wpOsQoROATc

Doorkeeper Omniauth OAuth Client  Preview
https://youtu.be/AgAWrxO3re8

Embeddable Javascript Widget with Rails backend - Part 1  Preview
https://youtu.be/Fqu4cwFp_FM

How to Build a Slack Slash Command App with Rails  Preview
https://youtu.be/2RHyGIud6M8

How To Handle First & Last Name Properly In Rails
https://youtu.be/zhIi2D7c_hE

Link to Current Page in Rails with Params
https://youtu.be/FT-yVFiq9ZQ

Nested Comment Threads in Rails - Part 1  Preview
https://youtu.be/m2p5XhwWk_c

Nested Comment Threads in Rails - Part 2  Preview
https://youtu.be/7C6q32KfpNI

Rails Referral Program From Scratch  Preview
https://youtu.be/qM1zBKK2ITA

React Native with Rails OAuth API Authentication Part 1  Preview
https://youtu.be/_dvhF6jKJqs

React Native with Rails OAuth API Authentication Part 2  Preview
https://youtu.be/pTIoT__8HcE

React Native with Rails OAuth API Authentication Part 3  Preview
https://youtu.be/WViNmvgbEDY

Reddit-style Nested Comment Threads Pagination  Preview
https://youtu.be/soBEwI88aZM

Search Filters with Elasticsearch Aggregations  Preview
https://youtu.be/vh20l_PtGck

Sending Webhooks in Rails with Exponential Backoff  Preview
https://youtu.be/TIRkFy4qK-U

Stripe signed webhooks with stripe_event
https://youtu.be/O4DJxtIUrB4

Super Fast Pagination in Rails with Pagy
https://youtu.be/K4fob588tfM

User Avatars with Rails Active Storage
https://youtu.be/OoPmNm2Z8sg

Using Vuex with a Rails Backend  Preview
https://youtu.be/_o5lyPWs078

Using Vuex with Forms in Rails - Embeddable JS Widget Part 3  Preview
https://youtu.be/35yJ0WcquuA
Videos 226-250