
A Gentle Introduction to Angular Schematics by Matt Raible
https://youtu.be/bLLJqagO_dg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Agile in Security and Security in Agile by Mihai Roman
https://youtu.be/X8u2kQ0WtQY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

API First development with OpenAPI - You should you practise it !  by Nick Van Hoof
https://youtu.be/F9iF3a1Z8Y8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Ask the Java Architect by Stuart Marks & Brian Goetz
https://youtu.be/qKeMB7OoGJk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Beyond Jakarta EE 8, by and for the Jakarta community by Gaël Blondelle & Ivar Grimstad & ....
https://youtu.be/EWypLW9U9fw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Cryptography 101 for Java developers by Michel Schudel
https://youtu.be/SEKsvHYZz8s&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Decoupling your Springboot microservices live coded using workflow automation  by Niall Deehan
https://youtu.be/ky_mG4giNm4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Defence Against the Docker Arts by Joe Kutner
https://youtu.be/ofH9_sE2qy0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Designing functional and fluent API example of the Visitor Pattern by José Paumard
https://youtu.be/gq23w9nycBs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Dev...oops by Pierre-Antoine Grégoire
https://youtu.be/Pg3uPXTDFbk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

End-to-End test architectures, a dead End road by Roy Braam
https://youtu.be/t3QTnt6G5sM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

How to Build A Decompiler by Tsviatko Yovtchev
https://youtu.be/uYZZbteb8Gc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Inside the Earth’s Coolest Datacentres by Jamie Coleman
https://youtu.be/Ij2eci2U_m0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Kubernetes Native Spring apps on Quarkus by Georgios Andrianakis
https://youtu.be/9wJm8g83vqA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Microservice Patterns - Implemented by Eclipse MicroProfile by Ivar Grimstad
https://youtu.be/bX6AEnuLccI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Migrate your APIs to GraphQL how and why! by Guillaume Scheibel
https://youtu.be/IkPMpzQ-TRI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

More Than a Query Language SQL in the 21st Century by Markus Winand
https://youtu.be/MnEDHFOqqno&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Optimizing the Performance of Machine Learning in Enterprise Java SaaS with GraalVM, Python and CUDA
https://youtu.be/a1ZLEDN9BMc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Re-design for the cloud   A real life example of horizontal scaling  by Rene Kroon
https://youtu.be/LfPtQUVARGA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

The 7 biggest mistakes we made in 10 years of running a major open source project by Reinier & Roel
https://youtu.be/MmLnJVlZAvk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

The Hacker's Guide to JWT Security by Patrycja Wegrzynowicz
https://youtu.be/dq39w4MiZzs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

The past, present and future of the Java type system by Alasdair Collinson
https://youtu.be/qfZctT--iU8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Thinking twice about migrating to Serverless by Edwin Derks
https://youtu.be/FxG-eBfOPTY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Troubleshooting containerized applications by Ana Maria Mihalceanu
https://youtu.be/cRTwmwaJao0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

“Security” in the JavaScript ecosystem by Pim Otte
https://youtu.be/JlELjehycZ8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q
Videos 26-50