
And the beats go on! by David Pilato
https://youtu.be/2NTMmxlpaV8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

building secure software with OWASP by Martin Knobloch
https://youtu.be/ttPSiLE_9Kg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Closing Keynote Devoxx 2016 - The Java Council
https://youtu.be/SbZscPDs4U0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Containers, VMs, Processes… How all of these technologies work  by Quentin Adam
https://youtu.be/RgRNk0cYB44&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Delivering Better and Faster Microservices and Mobile Apps by Bruno Borges
https://youtu.be/AFOUetAYuiQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Developing for Smart TVs by Sebastien Arbogast and Said Eloudrhiri
https://youtu.be/fOm5hIQV16w&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Developing Reactive applications with Reactive Streams and Java 8 by Brian Clozel, Sébastien Deleuze
https://youtu.be/Cj4foJzPF80&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Devoxx Belgium 2016 Opening Keynote
https://youtu.be/T-ujPlfm6p4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Flying services with the drone by Krzysztof Kudrynski and Blazej Kubiak
https://youtu.be/aaZMh4IqMcM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Functional patterns for scala practitionners by Clément Delafargue
https://youtu.be/iRGcbCvrtiw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Get started writing TypeScript today! by Dominik Kundel
https://youtu.be/cIzwsDcAmUM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Java EE 8 and Java EE 9 - What's coming by David Delabassee
https://youtu.be/yJU4VJjwBOY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Javaslang - Functional Java The Easy Way by David Schmitz
https://youtu.be/5M3AzAk70SM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Just enough app server by Antonio Goncalves
https://youtu.be/QWJQdJIC7_4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Microservices Evolution How to break your monolithic database by Edson Yanaga
https://youtu.be/6dfBd-2Oq1M&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Modular Development with JDK 9 by Mark Reinhold and Alan Bateman
https://youtu.be/IA8FkrY0VFE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Programming your body with chip implants by Pär Sikö
https://youtu.be/W29p2d67AEw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Project Jigsaw Under The Hood by Mark Reinhold
https://youtu.be/fxB9cVNcyZo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Prometheus Monitoring for Java Developers by  Fabian Stäber
https://youtu.be/jb9j_IYv4cU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Running Docker in production on AWS by Oliver Geisser
https://youtu.be/vZh0AGKPrIs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Security and Microservices by Sam Newman
https://youtu.be/ZXGaC3GR3zU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Serverless Microservices with Google Cloud Functions by Bret McGowen
https://youtu.be/5CZ1f6wzn4Q&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Swift the mobile language that's coming to the cloud by Ian Partridge
https://youtu.be/jSY3n_h7JV0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Why computers calculate wrong by Karl Brodowsky
https://youtu.be/UPWydP2rqJY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

You always dreamt of your own quantum computer. Now you can have it in the Cloud. by Eric Cattoir
https://youtu.be/Sa_XJ75Piew&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s
Videos 101-125