
Python Basics 100 Subscribers
https://youtu.be/psfTZjn-WWQ

Python Basics 1000 Views
https://youtu.be/5b6wJi_xuKU

Python Basics Board Game Pt  1
https://youtu.be/fzAEwJgWHfM

Python Basics Board Game Pt  2
https://youtu.be/lE_GPgw1NoU

Python Basics Board Game Pt  3
https://youtu.be/rHAG3XNhAJg

Python Basics Board Game Pt  4
https://youtu.be/irCSc8dMoMk

Python Basics Built-in Glob Module
https://youtu.be/OZ6cNezon2Y

Python Basics CSV File Uncut With Urllib
https://youtu.be/dNiSr0t9Jcs

Python Basics CSV Module
https://youtu.be/mGAko_zwaEU

Python Basics Delete Columns for CSV Files
https://youtu.be/_gij-ud8djc

Python Basics Download a CSV Files With Urllib
https://youtu.be/sctnA4UF3wQ

Python Basics File Object Seek Method
https://youtu.be/BVSu-iGpqGY

Python Basics Incremental Development
https://youtu.be/YkMwrxWK2pQ

Python Basics List Comprehension with Conditions
https://youtu.be/Y7UWZoAME4I

Python Basics More With Lists
https://youtu.be/q1eqYK7GXPU

Python Basics Move a file to a different directory
https://youtu.be/6ZPqMPa36wo

Python Basics Nested List Comprehension of Two Strings
https://youtu.be/A6n4LKP71mQ

Python Basics Open Function + Mode
https://youtu.be/a2SYqZCdTbk

Python Basics Re Module Pt  2
https://youtu.be/gt7mAL3aaxw

Python Basics Read a CSV File
https://youtu.be/dVlCOCUpcIs

Python Basics Shopping List Pt 3
https://youtu.be/D5ZHcZ2XMms

Python Basics Shopping List Pt 4
https://youtu.be/v6mwZP0kMWM

Python Basics Shopping List Uncut
https://youtu.be/62sblljc4VQ

Python Basics String Formatting Viewer Requested Video
https://youtu.be/ndPB62M-14E

Python Basics Write to CSV Files
https://youtu.be/zXUE8ZmoeaE
Videos 751-775