
C++ Weekly - Ep 100 - All The Assignment Operators
https://youtu.be/2gjroKLyWKE

C++ Weekly - Ep 101 - Learning Modern C++ - 1 The Tools
https://youtu.be/zMrP8heIz3g

C++ Weekly - Ep 102 - Learning Modern C++ - 2 Hello World
https://youtu.be/juJaaCf_yKc

C++ Weekly - Ep 103 - Learning Modern C++ - 3 Inheritance
https://youtu.be/43qyUASBeUc

C++ Weekly - Ep 104 - Learning Modern C++ - 4  const and constexpr
https://youtu.be/UYEyHlynkPc

C++ Weekly - Ep 105 - Learning Modern C++ - 5 Looping and Algorithms
https://youtu.be/A0-x-Djey-Q

C++ Weekly - Ep 106 - Disabling Move From const
https://youtu.be/nP3TnWBonlY

C++ Weekly - Ep 107 - The Power of =delete
https://youtu.be/aAvjUU0m6AU

C++ Weekly - Ep 108 - Understanding emplace_back
https://youtu.be/uwv1uvi1OTU

C++ Weekly - Ep 109 - When noexcept Really Matters
https://youtu.be/AG_63_edgUg

C++ Weekly - Ep 110 - gdbgui
https://youtu.be/em842geJhfk

C++ Weekly - Ep 111 - kcov
https://youtu.be/NRCnS5alouI

C++ Weekly - Ep 112 - GCC's Leaky Abstractions
https://youtu.be/S9_mYmvO4Ow

C++ Weekly - Ep 113 - Will It C++ Atari Touch Me From 1978
https://youtu.be/SbS_RP5fGSE

C++ Weekly - Ep 114 - cpp_starter_project GUI Additions
https://youtu.be/mMvTXcxkPcA

C++ Weekly - Ep 115 - Compile Time ARM Emulator
https://youtu.be/UYcRvU9UO40

C++ Weekly - Ep 116 - Trying Out The Conan Package Manager
https://youtu.be/9cCQHJ-cNHY

C++ Weekly - Ep 117 - Trying Out The Hunter Package Manager
https://youtu.be/O2_N8OzPGWQ

C++ Weekly - Ep 118 - Trying Out The vcpkg Package Manager
https://youtu.be/KOeOLOu6nHw

C++ Weekly - Ep 119 - Negative Cost Structs
https://youtu.be/FwsO12x8nyM

C++ Weekly - Ep 120 - Will It C++ The Tandy 1000 From 1984
https://youtu.be/tV61e2-Xd4k

C++ Weekly - Ep 96 - Transparent Lambda Comparators
https://youtu.be/P6_6bXPGYy8

C++ Weekly - Ep 97 - Lambda To Function Pointer Conversion
https://youtu.be/Cmk0Tlo1eCA

C++ Weekly - Ep 98 - Precision Loss with Accumulate
https://youtu.be/vLozydgjHrc

C++ Weekly - Ep 99 - C++ 20's Default Bit-field Member Initializers
https://youtu.be/w0rE7GqRPes
Videos 226-250