
Algorithm Efficiency and Time Complexity O(1) vs O(N) - Constant vs Linear Time
https://youtu.be/gHzZZYJENpo&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JFJlR7dpBfBtEJB84pCZJ3R

Effectively Reduce your Code using the Reduce Function
https://youtu.be/WjVJirgyAmg&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JFJlR7dpBfBtEJB84pCZJ3R

How Do You Write Closures in Swift
https://youtu.be/fVF_tNcIhfc&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JFJlR7dpBfBtEJB84pCZJ3R

Interview Algorithm Challenge Reverse Linked List - Swift
https://youtu.be/gNu-F_LnC0I&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JFJlR7dpBfBtEJB84pCZJ3R

Introduction to Object Oriented Programming Classes and ProtocolsInterfaces
https://youtu.be/rKf9vs4ZoJc&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JFJlR7dpBfBtEJB84pCZJ3R

My First Take Home Interview Exercise Flattening Nested Arrays using Recursion
https://youtu.be/-8exPZke3Lw&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JFJlR7dpBfBtEJB84pCZJ3R

Swift 3 Fun Algorithms Abstract Syntax Tree (Warning Somewhat Difficult Recursion)
https://youtu.be/r14Vtwi2k7s&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JFJlR7dpBfBtEJB84pCZJ3R

Swift 3 Fun Algorithms Filter, Map, Reduce Higher Order Functions
https://youtu.be/fbYMaJciMZY&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JFJlR7dpBfBtEJB84pCZJ3R

Swift 3 Fun Algorithms Recursive Search through Binary Tree
https://youtu.be/beQEimO3-3E&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JFJlR7dpBfBtEJB84pCZJ3R

Swift 3 Fun Algorithms Wrapping an Array
https://youtu.be/h5Edr4J18Wk&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JFJlR7dpBfBtEJB84pCZJ3R

Swift Fun Algorithms #1 FizzBuzz
https://youtu.be/yxORFL_UipQ&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JFJlR7dpBfBtEJB84pCZJ3R

Swift Fun Algorithms #2 Binary Search
https://youtu.be/eX6oGfb5RSk&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JFJlR7dpBfBtEJB84pCZJ3R

Swift Fun Algorithms #3 Factorials & Recursion
https://youtu.be/EManXGSm_ak&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JFJlR7dpBfBtEJB84pCZJ3R

Swift Fun Algorithms #4 Most Common Name in Array
https://youtu.be/xif4OkW2iQQ&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JFJlR7dpBfBtEJB84pCZJ3R

Swift Fun Algorithms #5 Reverse every other word
https://youtu.be/4sv0QmJZ1OY&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JFJlR7dpBfBtEJB84pCZJ3R

Swift Fun Algorithms #6 Fibonacci Sequence
https://youtu.be/Es4Tk0nU1OQ&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JFJlR7dpBfBtEJB84pCZJ3R

Swift Fun Algorithms - Counting Palindromes
https://youtu.be/94fx_aw1zt4&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JFJlR7dpBfBtEJB84pCZJ3R

Swift Fun Algorithms Closure Reference Cycles
https://youtu.be/lCVtRZTM9pI&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JFJlR7dpBfBtEJB84pCZJ3R

Swift Fun Algorithms How to Create a Retain Cycle
https://youtu.be/in-W-raGRMk&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JFJlR7dpBfBtEJB84pCZJ3R

Swift Fun Algorithms How to Draw a Circle using Math
https://youtu.be/G4D_EhPi7Qk&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JFJlR7dpBfBtEJB84pCZJ3R

Swift Fun Algorithms Retain Cycle Correction!
https://youtu.be/Nb628CFURvI&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JFJlR7dpBfBtEJB84pCZJ3R

Swift How to Display Time in Social Media Apps
https://youtu.be/IjJxaUXKVXU&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JFJlR7dpBfBtEJB84pCZJ3R

Swift What are Tuples and Optionals Algorithms Inside!
https://youtu.be/vjhcU02io_E&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JFJlR7dpBfBtEJB84pCZJ3R

Swift Why We Use Optionals
https://youtu.be/7a7As0uNWOQ&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JFJlR7dpBfBtEJB84pCZJ3R

Top 3 Ways to Best Handle Optionals
https://youtu.be/fOtWITIpT7k&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JFJlR7dpBfBtEJB84pCZJ3R
Videos 1-25