
1 YEAR ANNIVERSARY! - Ep.5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_ymLhrPIMI&pp=sAQA

5 gram Mushroom Journey - Some Teachings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rxCW1yC8fo&pp=sAQA

Addicted to coffee again... Ep.8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEaeMMYbfxA&pp=sAQA

Addictions Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7numqWowrjg&pp=sAQA

Anxiety, Anger & Emotional Alchemy (healing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImUodN9Eb74&pp=sAQA

Apology & Update - More Big Changes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7YaAFjkmL8&pp=sAQA

Are we going to survive this thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UpD4z4hr-DE&pp=sAQA

Baby Penguin Rescue! - Ep.3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asmKdI6C7uY&pp=sAQA

BITCOIN LET'S GOOO! ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTbE2Ldsq8o&pp=sAQA

Boundaries! Are you a people pleaser
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BUfuPmntS8&pp=sAQA

Business as usual in Cape Town!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lwfj7aXwV4&pp=sAQA

Cape Town Freediving Mission
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VHgw-HB7j9Y&pp=sAQA

Cape Town Sunrise Swim - Ep.10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MyEWhYXZF1o&pp=sAQA

Casual Hiking Chat - Giving Thanks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMqIe1bwxug&pp=sAQA

Check out my new HOUSE!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwTFRfVpMTo&pp=sAQA

Checking in With Systemic Racism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXCE78szFaM&pp=sAQA

Classic Day in Cape Town! - Ep.6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zCTbafLdPv8&pp=sAQA

Death & Grieving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S27nr4MG-oo&pp=sAQA

DEEP Cannabis & Breathwork Journey - Healing Addiction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=peSBQwJ7pE0&pp=sAQA

ENTHUSIASM FOR LIFE! - Ep.2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xj7sk4p5gU&pp=sAQA

Far from ‘Normal’ ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udAMh823zFM&pp=sAQA

FEELING LOW WATCH THIS! ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I2SfG1c3Mos&pp=sAQA

Goodbye Cape Town, Hello UK!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8uJGEX-2h4&pp=sAQA

Hiking with New Camera
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7p9TYLGzGE&pp=sAQA

How To Make Life Worth Living - Nature Chats; Purpose & Depression
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZO8pS1B5Rc&pp=sAQA

I FORGOT HOW GOOD IT FEELS - Ep.9
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3sdbNtAOmeQ&pp=sAQA

I moved into a CABIN!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEFcPAiYOpk&pp=sAQA

I'm Dating a Wild Feminine Queen ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRKtwf15h0c&pp=sAQA

I'm Levelling UP right now! LET'S GO!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BiXwoIeanc&pp=sAQA

I'm never doing that again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmbAiOdcmmk&pp=sAQA

Inner Peace, the biggest flex!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W3VOTXW8F-A&pp=sAQA

Is THIS the most IMPORTANT question we can ask right now...!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IpR46ClAI7I&pp=sAQA

It’s all part of the dream plan.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W2cxUL2rZn0&pp=sAQA

Learn New Skills - Ep.4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jsex5z3mJoc&pp=sAQA

Life is ART & Other Chats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VqewIA0lYFo&pp=sAQA

Life is FULL of surprises + Uber driver gives life advice!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISgxF6PKk2E&pp=sAQA

Life Purpose... (it's not vlogging)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKPaw8oLb3A&pp=sAQA

Lockdown Update from Cape Town
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnr2QWVXLp8&pp=sAQA

Mental Health Above EVERYTHING.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3st05ttWR_c&pp=sAQA

Mental Health Awareness - Personal Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jW2vLAOzOX0&pp=sAQA

My Land Rover is BACK!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cx3S96LdGok&pp=sAQA

My Marijuana Addiction & New Moon Intentions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z4yuItPePbk&pp=sAQA

My Opinions on Natural Health
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l2BaGzwOlEI&pp=sAQA

NEW PROJECT IS NOW LIVE! (and other life updates)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmRYHihoz3Y&pp=sAQA

NEW! Introducing - 'With Extra Feels'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HONbF_I2r9U&pp=sAQA

Not A Single Fck (finally!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWCEZVCdOM0&pp=sAQA

POSITIVE VIBES! Cold Water Routine, Therapy & Full Moon Gratitude
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3CS8A3ODXs&pp=sAQA

Solo Mission to Wales
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmJi9jCe5vE&pp=sAQA

Spring Flower Therapy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5Ru92WPWF8&pp=sAQA

The Gift In Each Moment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=irW_QlcuDd8&pp=sAQA

The Hidden Waterfall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mPYWtsZn9sE&pp=sAQA

This Scares Me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygs6KYooyNA&pp=sAQA

Tips to Maximise Healing in Nature
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clhmU6a7W98&pp=sAQA

UK Highs and lows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7GrIh-H5os&pp=sAQA

Violence Against Women - Not all men
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3N0E2S_MGy4&pp=sAQA

Vlogs Are Back! - Ep.1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kf77j-iIa3o&pp=sAQA

We Moved House AGAIN! (Our Dream Home) - Ep.7
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3Ej5OGp8wU&pp=sAQA

We're Back On The Road!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyvRBdzqlXQ&pp=sAQA

Well that was lucky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtiYZWyMb_M&pp=sAQA

With Extra Feels - Judgment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJhmGPugp_E&pp=sAQA
Ben Brown