
A developer, a designer and a data scientist walk into a bar by Luca Simone,Uros Savic,Maxime Darçot
https://youtu.be/FWnKaEmE0sw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVoqk0_lddVq-tAdskIimLwL

Angular the Redux Way by Gion Kunz
https://youtu.be/FPHVZlpxInw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVoqk0_lddVq-tAdskIimLwL

Challenges in Mixed Reality by Sébastien Broggi and Roman Messerli
https://youtu.be/Z2N9sMcPPII&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVoqk0_lddVq-tAdskIimLwL

CommitStrip live drawing at VDZ18
https://youtu.be/78EHYa8wbeI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVoqk0_lddVq-tAdskIimLwL

Distributing UIs across devices by Maria Husmann
https://youtu.be/TbTScb9Eulk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVoqk0_lddVq-tAdskIimLwL

DROP DATABASE - galactic story by Jarosław Ratajski
https://youtu.be/QR0hK7rqkGM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVoqk0_lddVq-tAdskIimLwL

Effective Scala Reloaded! by Mirco Dotta
https://youtu.be/pAc-0TmnlcE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVoqk0_lddVq-tAdskIimLwL

Graal High-Performance Polyglot Runtime by Thomas Wuerthinger and Aleksandar Prokopec
https://youtu.be/8AYESZIaacg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVoqk0_lddVq-tAdskIimLwL

Harness the power of Spark SQL with the Data Source API by Stefano Baghino
https://youtu.be/2JVcrGPFrIA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVoqk0_lddVq-tAdskIimLwL

Introduction to Apache Kafka as Event-Driven Open Source Streaming Platform by Kai Waehner
https://youtu.be/OXLABLRNuzI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVoqk0_lddVq-tAdskIimLwL

Lazy Java by Mario Fusco
https://youtu.be/exEuie-wyCI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVoqk0_lddVq-tAdskIimLwL

Legacy, for lack of a better word, is good by Uberto Barbini
https://youtu.be/zljE_duWZnI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVoqk0_lddVq-tAdskIimLwL

Move Slow and Mend Things by Kevlin Henney
https://youtu.be/6j9Yl6fNMmc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVoqk0_lddVq-tAdskIimLwL

Not Your Father's Complexity Performance in a New Machine Age by Maurice Naftalin
https://youtu.be/6Pk4w5GehWc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVoqk0_lddVq-tAdskIimLwL

One does not simply log in! - SSO for Web APIs by Niko Köbler
https://youtu.be/pz1gi2KW1K8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVoqk0_lddVq-tAdskIimLwL

One size fits all by Ix-chel Ruiz Flores
https://youtu.be/7dYTrmmP54o&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVoqk0_lddVq-tAdskIimLwL

Onion architecture with stereotypes by Alain Sahli
https://youtu.be/XOyyLwyrBQU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVoqk0_lddVq-tAdskIimLwL

Real world serverless - architecture, patterns and lessons learned by David Schmitz
https://youtu.be/uMCtcZ46gns&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVoqk0_lddVq-tAdskIimLwL

Sequencing dance music with Clojure by Piotr Jagielski
https://youtu.be/wlSHi-GY5KA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVoqk0_lddVq-tAdskIimLwL

The Java 9 Module System Beyond The Basics by Nicolai Parlog
https://youtu.be/pfXsQyToipM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVoqk0_lddVq-tAdskIimLwL

The Power and Practicality of Immutability by Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/FQERMVABRrQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVoqk0_lddVq-tAdskIimLwL

Welcome to VDZ18 by Federico Yankelevich and Mario Fusco
https://youtu.be/aopu2NtmFtQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVoqk0_lddVq-tAdskIimLwL

What Every Programmer has to know about Database Storage by Alex Petrov
https://youtu.be/e1wbQPbFZdk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVoqk0_lddVq-tAdskIimLwL

Why Spring ❤ Kotlin by Sebastien Deleuze
https://youtu.be/tVZOtxianKI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVoqk0_lddVq-tAdskIimLwL

Your Website STILL Feels Slow, Now What by Myriam Jessier
https://youtu.be/0CAE2Q4ZR-E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVoqk0_lddVq-tAdskIimLwL
Videos 1-25