
Paver the build tool you missed
https://youtu.be/WNH2wAPlGQE&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Pitfalls of Continuous Deployment
https://youtu.be/qLKNjpudFbY&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Playing tasks with Django-Celery
https://youtu.be/mAXz2kbh_3U&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

PostgreSQL - the database-sister of Python
https://youtu.be/1YUFLLl8bGE&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Precompiling and deploying Python to any Linux, Mac OS X or FreeBSD system
https://youtu.be/KKkuu_A6ZhQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Pricing products using Python graphs and sets
https://youtu.be/XzXvVqdL6yk&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Programmazione MapReduce in Python con Pydoop
https://youtu.be/iKqWk-yz8R8&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

PyPy in production
https://youtu.be/nTpte3_jNO0&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Python 103 Mmmm... Understanding Python's Memory Model, Mutability, and Methods
https://youtu.be/34LcNUrFe30&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Python 3 the Next Generation (is here already)
https://youtu.be/ovVCnhwu9qQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Python Design Patterns
https://youtu.be/bPJKYrZjq10&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Python Enterprise vento di libert√†
https://youtu.be/JETzbuanMds&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Python for High Performance and Scientific Computing
https://youtu.be/q3hAFI8iaqg&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Python MapReduce Programming with Pydoop
https://youtu.be/IyXOP7SJqKQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Python Tips, Tricks, and Idioms
https://youtu.be/JbNG3rVLJvA&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Python(x,y) diving into scientific Python
https://youtu.be/fVc1ruuixts&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Realizzare un emulatore di videogiochi
https://youtu.be/XA80glyC9kE&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Refactoring PyChart
https://youtu.be/hdytprStoXc&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Relate or !Relate
https://youtu.be/rZCANK4by0Q&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Rubrica indirizzi all'ennesima potenza
https://youtu.be/5IYPF0YY6jo&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Saving Gaia with jQuery Mobile and GeoDjango
https://youtu.be/xE2-QKe9rGc&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Scraping Techniques to Extract Advertisements from Web Pages
https://youtu.be/cCKGqKTwfqI&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Scrivere un tool parallelo e distribuito per backup multi-terabyte
https://youtu.be/t4eycS8ayFA&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Sfrutta la potenza della GPU con PyCUDA (e compagni)
https://youtu.be/5XjxTBgETfU&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Snakes on a cloud the OpenStack project
https://youtu.be/-rmctl-VB1Y&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH
Videos 101-125