
A. Jacob, S. Crocquevieille, R.Meson, M. Levisalles, B. Le Bars - Tech for Good
https://youtu.be/R3toQyUoLn4&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Andreas Klostermann - Heartbeats for Hackers
https://youtu.be/sbGkWmSDLT8&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Anna-Lena Popkes - Finding Magic in Python
https://youtu.be/J4e4YCZ-jiQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Christoph Dr. Zimmermann - Adventures in Real-time Python NoSQL-style
https://youtu.be/JjBpkDfXFUE&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Daniel Moisset - Pattern Matching in Python
https://youtu.be/3I97ggCKasc&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

David Bordeynik - Moving Fast with FastAPI
https://youtu.be/m3IGL7uI5HM&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Emmanuelle Delescolle - Writing a python web framework in 2021
https://youtu.be/PrDNDtc_cdc&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Gajendra Deshpande - Build Your First Cyber Forensic Application using Python
https://youtu.be/zXF4vWuhFi8&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Gina Häußge - Driving 3D Printers with Python
https://youtu.be/86T5-G8IDGw&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Harsh Bardhan - Build Serverless Python Applications using AWS Chalice
https://youtu.be/e-qgtyD7tM8&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Jon Nordby - Sound Event Detection with Machine Learning
https://youtu.be/bAWzRHd755g&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Kir Chou - Learn from LL(1) to PEG parser the hard way
https://youtu.be/rlULA4PthKw&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Marc-Andre Lemburg - EuroPython 2022 Help us build the next edition!
https://youtu.be/zX0RvQN7cwI&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Marc-Andre Lemburg - Thoughts on the Future of Python
https://youtu.be/bLffgaVC1Os&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Meredydd Luff - Writing Better Documentation for Developers
https://youtu.be/kNpyC4LY5gI&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Or Weis - Python RPC and PubSub over Websockets
https://youtu.be/IuMZVWEUvGs&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Prakshi Yadav - Data lake Design for schema evolution
https://youtu.be/G9G493LEP78&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Reuven Lerner - Generators, coroutines, and nanoservices
https://youtu.be/rjBSOHXW5DY&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Ruud van der Ham - Sweeter debugging and benchmarking with ycecream
https://youtu.be/jjWhmr2459k&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Scott Irwin - A Hitchhiker’s Guide to functools
https://youtu.be/gX9krgyGw1k&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Shruti Mishra, Sonal Deshmukh, Gourika Sood - Building Application using Flutter and Django
https://youtu.be/HqjZmV9Fgig&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Tarik Berrada - The Optimal Wedding (With Pyomo)
https://youtu.be/PJPay2J2wJA&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Vinicius Gubiani Ferreira - Python Anti-Patterns
https://youtu.be/Dtzn6-8fBj0&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Yoichi Takai - Getting Started with Statically Typed Programming in Python 3.10
https://youtu.be/8HEYko-o63I&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Zac Hatfield Dodds - Stop Writing Tests!
https://youtu.be/IcvCTHcYoMg&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq
Videos 51-75