
A container platform for the banking industry   why, what & how by Wiebe de Roos
https://youtu.be/4ACat8H69_I&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Advancements in Angular by Jeremy Elbourn
https://youtu.be/B8P3Ose25e8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Bootiful Kotlin by Josh Long
https://youtu.be/etwrkcqIMnk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Bootiful Testing by Josh Long
https://youtu.be/wAYt4Z4SF7g&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Containers & Java What I wish I have been told! by Mohammed Aboullaite
https://youtu.be/usqQLn21ShU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Flowable business processing from Kafka events by Tijs Rademakers & Joram Barrez
https://youtu.be/nX0dRiPqOmk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

gRPC Web Itâ€™s All About Communication by Alex Borysov &  Yevgen Golubenko
https://youtu.be/-dNd8agYGtY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

How We Migrated New Relic to Java 11 by Ben Evans
https://youtu.be/oKCB_JBA8Cg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Is your AI plotting to kill you Why AI and Machine Learning is dangerous by  Ben Vermeersch
https://youtu.be/eayXcuXogx8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Java. Migrating to 11 in real app by Piotr Przybyl
https://youtu.be/RgPt52w7Tlo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Live hacking Breaking into your Java web app by Brian Vermeer
https://youtu.be/vI4hriaT-Z8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Machine Learning using Kubeflow and Kubernetes by Arun Gupta
https://youtu.be/-k2GdwE-En4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Micro Frontend Architecture   Building an Extensible UI Platform  by Erik Grijzen
https://youtu.be/9Xo-rGUq-6E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Modern Identity Management in the Era of Serverless and Microservices  by Mercedes Wyss
https://youtu.be/3_4B22rysPQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Reacting to the future of application architecture by Grace Jansen
https://youtu.be/5NuvR8_hCxw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Real World JavaScript Security by Amanvir Sangha
https://youtu.be/dO2zXhVEEKo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

RSA is Dead. Long Live BB84! by James Birnie
https://youtu.be/Vwvq1LEpqf0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Spring on Azure by Julien Dubois
https://youtu.be/-LNkeecLPnc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

SSLTLS for Mortals by Maarten Mulders
https://youtu.be/yJrJEvvW_HA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

The Bloom filter cartoon by Valentin Deleplace
https://youtu.be/4PQUDKM8ets&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

The Cloud Native Diabolical Developer by Martijn Verburg
https://youtu.be/XKRJodjRQ7Q&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

These Songs Would Make Some Great Code Comments  by Hanno Embregts
https://youtu.be/Clo60O-EfjE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

UX as an API by William Bartlett
https://youtu.be/q_zRNcOyfYI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

What Lies Beneath by Maurice Naftalin & Dmitry Vyazelenko
https://youtu.be/5AFgNuGwLos&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Why we pair by Peter Pilgrim
https://youtu.be/yebkJcd1-So&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q
Videos 51-75