
Python Basics 2 Years Old
https://youtu.be/ILaUfi_ssaw

Python Basics 2K Views Random Seed
https://youtu.be/qjc4Bd0FpH4

Python Basics Built in Filter Function
https://youtu.be/l81i_uY4Bv8

Python Basics Fileinput Intro
https://youtu.be/8XQ9PDQwKFw

Python Basics Gratitude
https://youtu.be/tXXYF4borZA

Python Basics Intro Pickle Module
https://youtu.be/SMv2xMM3JEM

Python Basics Move a Circle With Pygame
https://youtu.be/MRpgrdERrE4

Python Basics Numpy and Random Tricks
https://youtu.be/HeWms5qZY8g

Python Basics Numpy Arange Function And Shape Attribute
https://youtu.be/wk8cyIAi_6s

Python Basics Numpy Array Flatten Method
https://youtu.be/qTJM-IurfDc

Python Basics Pandas Boolean Indexing
https://youtu.be/bic9NM8kfUk

Python Basics Pandas DataFrame Groupby Method
https://youtu.be/y9oFL0EHlz0

Python Basics Pandas DataFrame Sort Values Method
https://youtu.be/I50PNhY14DA

Python Basics Pickle Dump Method
https://youtu.be/2CEb3ImCn-g

Python Basics Pygame Border
https://youtu.be/YIM8TkWiCNc

Python Basics Pygame Bouncing Ball
https://youtu.be/zaVJV8zIli4

Python Basics Pyplot Multiple Plot Titles
https://youtu.be/qKmRpa7qOKU

Python Basics Pyplot with Pandas Series
https://youtu.be/wjcrsYnXr3I

Python Basics Re Findall Dollar Amounts
https://youtu.be/l5b8ku-v3pg

Python Basics Re Findall Email Addresses
https://youtu.be/wPjPm7XHOVs

Python Basics RelativeAbsolute Paths
https://youtu.be/YUhEuupmdCw

Python Basics Sys Exit Method
https://youtu.be/BKMJebr5xjI

Python Basics Tkinter Tk Function
https://youtu.be/ur77XQE8OqY

Python Basics Tkinter Tk Mainloop Method
https://youtu.be/blcPB5JGSWw

Python Basics What is a Delimiter
https://youtu.be/sSDqPmNht_g
Videos 551-575