
A Panel on a symbiosis between Civic Hacking and Perl Evangelism
https://youtu.be/K0nGHe_-p9o&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Carey Witkov - Higgs meets Perl
https://youtu.be/I7OMJKguseo&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Chad Granum - Testing with Test2
https://youtu.be/USsaZ6m_Zy8&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

David Mertens - CBlocks
https://youtu.be/sOilXc0Pde4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

David Mertens - Writing Useful Scientific Analysis Software
https://youtu.be/ZRq8zWdhRpM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Dylan Hardison - Content Security Policies Sort of like firewall rules for the web
https://youtu.be/2bCqUP-JnCI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

fREW Schmidt - Scaling, Reliability, and Performance at ZipRecruiter
https://youtu.be/WHKQ2JfTaIM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

James E Keenan - How Do We Assess and Maintain the Health of the Perl 5 Codebase
https://youtu.be/yLFHyxALAbE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Jason McIntosh - BumpySkies A Passion-Project Postmortem
https://youtu.be/N4JNYCjerNM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

John Anderson - Logs Are Magic Why Git Workflows and Commit Structure Should Matter To You
https://youtu.be/n_WGiS8fm8s&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Kivanc Yazan - A Brief History of Timekeeping
https://youtu.be/a20-g1DAZUA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Leon Fayer - The Lost Art of Troubleshooting
https://youtu.be/sNjm3ul5WYo&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by Brock Wilcox - Perl6
https://youtu.be/jsDElLlt9gQ&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by Chad Granum - In Response to D. Conway's TestExpr
https://youtu.be/wGTZCaU_z5U&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by Charlie Gonzalez - For the Love of Perl
https://youtu.be/L2riGyFBTXI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by Deidre Foster - PerlXXMore
https://youtu.be/7N3dR2y3Fi8&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by Doug Bell - CPAN Testers has an API
https://youtu.be/okeBgBb1Cxs&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by Fran Lorin - Patents, IP Phrasal presentation
https://youtu.be/RePlPBWl_4g&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by John Anderson - #speakerlife
https://youtu.be/e-m-P4kGvr8&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by M. Allan Noah - Reverse Engineering Scanner Drivers
https://youtu.be/pJ60vVOKVr0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by Matt S. Trout - Madness for your Methods
https://youtu.be/3IIj1MqkwKs&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by Tom Browder - A Personalized Calendar in Perl
https://youtu.be/mo3P6L1qC9g&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Nova Patch - The X-Files Characters for Humans
https://youtu.be/m7HJ0W5wft0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Sam Batschelet - Dancing in the Cloud
https://youtu.be/HG0eOWESV0U&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

William Morriss - Intellectual property and open source licensing basics
https://youtu.be/vywD6haoKTs&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m
Videos 51-75