
Ally for Women in Technology by Heather VanCura
https://youtu.be/WDTMe77EV2Y&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Angular Let's get Reactive! by Wassim Chegham
https://youtu.be/mMfwnJn20uQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Artificial Irreverence Improvised Theatre with Robots by Piotr Mirowski
https://youtu.be/U0Cv7itM7yY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Deploy microservices with Certainty by Alex Soto
https://youtu.be/ZyZP9EpTr30&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Digitizing your grand dads old films with a Pi by Jago de Vreede
https://youtu.be/957cLw3ptwY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Disabled - Work - Enabled  by Dmitry Aleksandrov
https://youtu.be/BaT6wAOaM0Q&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

From Brown Field to Green Field by Stijn Vanpoucke
https://youtu.be/JWtE4R7b9S4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Get silly with serverless by Guillaume Laforge and Bret McGowen
https://youtu.be/7NjRqMYH11s&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Interview with Bert Jan Schriver & Tim van Eijndhoven at Devoxx Belgium 2017
https://youtu.be/MAYKWHYnZ5g&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Interview with Lars Grigori at Devoxx Belgium 2017
https://youtu.be/ySosBMfReG8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Interview with Sam Brannen and Marc Phillip at Devoxx Belgium 2017
https://youtu.be/kdUGZl3pss0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Launching Projects Faster with We Deploy by Milen Dyankov
https://youtu.be/sSF0eeXY7IM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Let it go! or How to become a free software developer by MeÃÅlanie Bats
https://youtu.be/BIgFeQumSlM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Let‚Äôs config your java project for cloud by Sven Clarysse
https://youtu.be/g25-4IY7sYs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Mobile applications that can see by Christophe Jollivet
https://youtu.be/jBV8XsmAQhc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Private video
https://youtu.be/Fbrt35dNGaI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Progressive DevOps approach using Ansible by SteÃÅphane Masson
https://youtu.be/myN-mkaFZIw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Reactifying your application Kristof Van Sever
https://youtu.be/BNDAZwgvnJo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Supercharging user experience with machine learning by Ilgun Ilgun
https://youtu.be/VOt0taO37VQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

What if everything was a database  by Oleg Selajev
https://youtu.be/7_3noP8nrP0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

üöÄ An ultrasonic adventure! by Hubert SablonnieÃÄre
https://youtu.be/g9ti7uHjqvc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo
Videos 201-223