
Alex Russell Performance of feature detection
https://youtu.be/zVUoAymD5BM&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Antranig Basman The Future is Frameworks, not Modules
https://youtu.be/R1KSfZeyCBs&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Avni Khatri How quick can we be (data visualization techniques for engineers)
https://youtu.be/2ZBXNYHfqIg&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Ben Combee Enyo A JS Framework for Mobile Devices
https://youtu.be/BKwTkM4k-xc&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Dan Webb PIMP Your JS Library or Desgning Non-Shit APIs with JavaScript
https://youtu.be/ifSDRxWMeyU&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Daniel Austin Toward a High-Performance JSON Protocol Notes
https://youtu.be/ROt7rJ2PQis&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Dave Herman Modules for JS.next
https://youtu.be/qM9u-5fjNvs&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

David Balmer Hello, Jo!
https://youtu.be/axabSstyqp4&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Dethe Elza Introduction to Waterbear
https://youtu.be/czJxO_kYfBk&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Fabian Jakobs Bespin, Skywriter, Ace - The Past, Present and Future of online Code Editing
https://youtu.be/xy5mFL7Am_w&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Gonzalo Cordero YUI Mobile
https://youtu.be/Idp8-Lh1Dog&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Jeremy Johnstone JavaScript powered TVs!
https://youtu.be/aWb_Kijd5_c&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

John-David Dalton Benchmarking Like a Boss
https://youtu.be/1j0Xw_VPyIo&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Jon Pliske Asynchronous Personalization
https://youtu.be/27w2KH1QZ4s&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Marijn Haverbeke JavaScript Compilation Techniques or Wasn't JavaScript supposed to be slow
https://youtu.be/rjo5IjJyORI&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Mark Headd JavaScript The Future of Telephony Application Development
https://youtu.be/Ua0ZDu1cGkk&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Mary Rose Cook Fakery, Artificial Intelligence, Collision Detection, a 2D Platform Shooter in JS
https://youtu.be/BYzvPhg4r8g&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Matthew Eernisse Heaven & Hell JavaScript ... everywhere
https://youtu.be/RM1jHROQtgQ&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Misko Hevery angular.js
https://youtu.be/THvaySUZjMc&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Nikolai Onken Mobile Deathmatch - (almost) all you need to know in 20 minutes
https://youtu.be/d-Q7pes4jw0&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Ray Morgan Apps vs Web Lesson from Zappos.com
https://youtu.be/QaM3eDhABr8&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Rick Waldron Intermission Entertainment with Popcorn.js
https://youtu.be/P2f-5XljUdM&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Sean Cribbs JavaScript Apps on Riak
https://youtu.be/3Ojdz7qSxWA&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Thomas Fuchs Nano Pico Femto Atto Zepto!
https://youtu.be/YPKNbY40pCE&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Tobias Schneider - VNC with JavaScript was waiting for some sugar
https://youtu.be/hdKyMIQ149A&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_
Videos 1-25