
Unity RPG #5 - Fixing Lines & Camera Control
https://youtu.be/J6BQ4Fcy4cc&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_X6e0EYLPczO9tNCkm2dzkm

Unity RPG Tutorial #1 - Setting Up The Basics
https://youtu.be/Pk3GCgaNVTY&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_X6e0EYLPczO9tNCkm2dzkm

Unity RPG Tutorial #10 - Removing Player Duplicates & Starting Points
https://youtu.be/tevpiu8CW6I&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_X6e0EYLPczO9tNCkm2dzkm

Unity RPG Tutorial #11 - Making Enemies
https://youtu.be/d3lhb1y_89U&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_X6e0EYLPczO9tNCkm2dzkm

Unity RPG Tutorial #12 - Player Killing & Enemy Movement
https://youtu.be/_JbHj0-TB-s&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_X6e0EYLPczO9tNCkm2dzkm

Unity RPG Tutorial #14 - Sword Animations
https://youtu.be/yACBhaBzaIA&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_X6e0EYLPczO9tNCkm2dzkm

Unity RPG Tutorial #15 - Player Health System
https://youtu.be/3JxisavriwI&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_X6e0EYLPczO9tNCkm2dzkm

Unity RPG Tutorial #16 - Creating attack animations
https://youtu.be/hvMcD-mZ_mo&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_X6e0EYLPczO9tNCkm2dzkm

Unity RPG Tutorial #17 - Enemy HealthDamage System
https://youtu.be/6RtMDm7sGKs&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_X6e0EYLPczO9tNCkm2dzkm

Unity RPG Tutorial #18 - Showing Damage Numbers
https://youtu.be/uxGYKj3B0lY&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_X6e0EYLPczO9tNCkm2dzkm

Unity RPG Tutorial #19 - Basic UI Display
https://youtu.be/xFc6AsHMkK8&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_X6e0EYLPczO9tNCkm2dzkm

Unity RPG Tutorial #2 - Player Movement
https://youtu.be/Tm2L-_0eIeY&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_X6e0EYLPczO9tNCkm2dzkm

Unity RPG Tutorial #21 - Diagonal Movement Speed & Animation
https://youtu.be/ZriXzQWjnmI&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_X6e0EYLPczO9tNCkm2dzkm

Unity RPG Tutorial #22 - Levelling Up
https://youtu.be/mhHD9kboYC0&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_X6e0EYLPczO9tNCkm2dzkm

Unity RPG Tutorial #23 - Better Attacks
https://youtu.be/HteLOvAiZfk&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_X6e0EYLPczO9tNCkm2dzkm

Unity RPG Tutorial #24 - Showing Player Damage
https://youtu.be/Z21fmziDu5c&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_X6e0EYLPczO9tNCkm2dzkm

Unity RPG Tutorial #3 - Animating the Player
https://youtu.be/Oao-A7bkve0&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_X6e0EYLPczO9tNCkm2dzkm

Unity RPG Tutorial #4 - Blend Tree Animation
https://youtu.be/M1bEtHOE8z8&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_X6e0EYLPczO9tNCkm2dzkm

Unity RPG Tutorial #6 - Making Tile Maps
https://youtu.be/sVCXgN5_XmY&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_X6e0EYLPczO9tNCkm2dzkm

Unity RPG Tutorial #7 - More Mapping Goodness
https://youtu.be/03-zRkJsoUw&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_X6e0EYLPczO9tNCkm2dzkm

Unity RPG Tutorial #8 - Adding Collision Physics & Rigidbody Movement
https://youtu.be/p1rONoZ6u8o&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_X6e0EYLPczO9tNCkm2dzkm

Unity RPG Tutorial 13 - Attacking Enemies
https://youtu.be/YYn-hPkNJT4&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_X6e0EYLPczO9tNCkm2dzkm

Unity RPG Tutorial 20 - Fixing Loading Areas
https://youtu.be/0DUJfpP77Bo&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_X6e0EYLPczO9tNCkm2dzkm

Unity RPG Tutorial 25 - Player Stats
https://youtu.be/vzTfH3KZeTs&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_X6e0EYLPczO9tNCkm2dzkm

Unity RPG Tutorial 9 - Moving Between AreasLevels
https://youtu.be/x9lguwc0Pyk&list=PLiyfvmtjWC_X6e0EYLPczO9tNCkm2dzkm
Videos 1-25