
Andrew Johnson   Distributed Processing Applications with Helios
https://youtu.be/HfZBa-k8cRI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Belden Lyman   A Test Driven Developers Cookbook
https://youtu.be/rjO6HSwhiNE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Breno de Oliveira   DataPrinter   A New Look on Dumping Variables
https://youtu.be/bcuuL9hp3hc&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Brock Wilcox   NoiseGen Generate Sound With Perl  Blips and Beeps
https://youtu.be/jn89nnyqsf4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Bruce Gray   Why my
https://youtu.be/Ton-5tvDQiE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Chris Prather   The Secret Diary of a Small Perl Shop
https://youtu.be/Uy_ZrN25orY&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Daisuke Maki   STF   Serve Billions Of User Uploaded Media On PSGI and Commodity Hardware
https://youtu.be/ABJ7NjPW9Mo&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Dan Wright   Perl Foundation Treasurer
https://youtu.be/8jao9mGzlpc&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Dan Wright   So, you want to run a Perl event
https://youtu.be/NGaMweeCMP4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

David Mertens   Interactive Data Analysis with Prima and PDL
https://youtu.be/J2jn5uy-FvM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Gabor Szabo   Refactoring Perl code
https://youtu.be/gIsc39vU22w&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Glen Hinkle   Intro to Mojolicious
https://youtu.be/_lJ3IHRyAxQ&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Jesse Luehrs   Dependency Injection with BreadBoard
https://youtu.be/R2VRwRpZ3CQ&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Joel Berger   Baby XS to get you started
https://youtu.be/EPZHXVZwsY4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Joel Berger   Modeling Physical Systems with Modern Object Oriented Perl
https://youtu.be/wmdmlruYmfc&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

John Anderson   Code Fast, Die Young, Throw Structured Exceptions
https://youtu.be/O1b-z7QvVW0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

John Anderson   Tweakers Anonymous
https://youtu.be/HVEDjLPZovA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

John Napiorkowski   What I Learned Teaching Perl for Advocacy
https://youtu.be/NLthtfHO8rg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Jonathan Swartz   CHI Universal caching for Perl
https://youtu.be/Z_TZlM7OYsU&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Josh Jore   Practical Tools for Perl Emergencies
https://youtu.be/6q6raN-vw98&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

JT Smith   Closing Remarks
https://youtu.be/AWS5dM2HqaQ&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Maggie Xiong   Statistics and data mining with Perl Data Language
https://youtu.be/DFX_cNB97yQ&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Mark Allen   Perl Platform as a Service Shootout
https://youtu.be/AJrZtU-I7E8&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Private video
https://youtu.be/6Y38PNcOWnA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ
Videos 51-75