
#1 Adam Bien - The World of Java  Voice2Tech Podcast by Porto Tech Hub
https://youtu.be/gOcxMfNU9wI&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

A productive no-framework approach with plain Web Components by Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/1sC4Ob4S2l4&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Adam Bien - Java, Clouds and Cost Driven Architectures #lowslides (Keynote)
https://youtu.be/kl_Hu38nK34&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

BlueMediaMeets...Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/UmyIlXldMt4&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Building Apps with Helidon & MicroProfile
https://youtu.be/x60wMKQgg6o&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Building Complex Apps with plain Web Components  Adam Bien (EN)
https://youtu.be/eWRr6c1O2OE&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

DevoxxUA 2021. Adam  Bien. Java in the Clouds Pointless and Expensive or Productive and Must-Have
https://youtu.be/bBU-VQy7fMY&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

FIRESIDE CHAT WITH ADAM BIEN
https://youtu.be/XgT3ZyGlpHY&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Helidon + Micronaut Data Productivity without Bloat
https://youtu.be/FKCnWUxnY4E&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Hey Enterprise EJB Developers Now Is The Time To Go Serverless (and slideless) - Adam Bien - Devflix
https://youtu.be/d2lTjQf9-ro&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

J4K 2020 - Oct 13-14 - Adam Bien-Live Virtual MicroProfile on Kubernetes Hacking #slideless
https://youtu.be/0kVKc90owQY&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

J4K 2020 - Oct 13-14 - Adam_Bien_MicroProfile Health, Metrics and Fault Tolerance Implementation...
https://youtu.be/Dls_I6eK0TI&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

J4K JUNE 9 2021 - Adam Bien - The Future is Now Overview of Next Generation Cloud Java Runtimes
https://youtu.be/71Tgto1ZbUs&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Jakarta EE & MicroProfile The Good Parts #slideless  JakartaOne Livestream 2020
https://youtu.be/NxCOEPefkuA&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Jakarta EE + MicroProfile = Cloud Native 2.0  JakartaOne Livestream 2021
https://youtu.be/MHJbp6iTu7I&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Java User Group (JUG) Stockholm Java EE Was Serverless--Now Comes Cloudy Quarkus #serverless
https://youtu.be/JsGuUiwU6vU&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

JCON 2021 Keynote   What Would a Startup Do
https://youtu.be/ipp9M9qG88c&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

JDD Conf Kickass Frontends without Frameworks #slideless
https://youtu.be/dNMyBYBcaT8&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Live from 13th WDI Warsaw Fast and Productive Serverless Java in the Clouds
https://youtu.be/QmPw3fOAgf8&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Quarkus Learn Once, Use Everywhere - Markus Eisele & Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/DLfOUk62hxg&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

The Feel of Next Generation Java Cloud Native Runtimes by Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/XHvudpPj96U&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

The Global Dev Study #1 - What, Why and How for Micro Frontends
https://youtu.be/fdiGurfemrs&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

WeAreDevelopers Live ðŸ”´ â€“ Java Day
https://youtu.be/FLDTvMARhGA&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Web Components without Frameworks Productivity, Speed & Independence - Adam Bien (EN)  JCON 2020
https://youtu.be/b2tGsdmCUFc&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

What Should Happen in 2021 with Java Backends and Web Frontends - Adam Bien (EN)  JCON 2020
https://youtu.be/Lwqar6UnuVQ&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_
Videos 1-25