
Aaron Heckmann Code is Cool Products are Better
https://youtu.be/QRc41TyT9Fw&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Adam Baldwin Writing an (in)secure webapp
https://youtu.be/uVIcK4UXKWs&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Adam Christian Run your JS everywhere, with Jellyfish
https://youtu.be/gx3PboJx2e8&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Alex Sexton Uselessware - A brief history
https://youtu.be/JiXTVRXP_z0&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Andrew Paprocki Bloomberg home-grown server-side scripting
https://youtu.be/ODgs0eWAIKc&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Anton Kovalyov Code quality tools
https://youtu.be/pYE4usIe8gw&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Boris Bokowski Orion The web is my development environment
https://youtu.be/MPrgElR-Pcs&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Brian Cavalier wire.js
https://youtu.be/1r2eTOMDb-Q&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Brian LeRoux Mobile knife fight PhoneGap project automation
https://youtu.be/l-whQDgzW4A&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Brian Moschel FuncUnit JavaScript functional testing + IDE
https://youtu.be/jMm1HW_txdU&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Charlie Robbins Running Node.js in Production
https://youtu.be/MTtE_cyMSgE&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Dan Beam How to be a Player (on the Internet). The making of Yahoos universal JS media player.
https://youtu.be/aKLs-Lu2lq8&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Dave Johnson caesar.js
https://youtu.be/W97Z0qVCc-c&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

David Kaneda Building rich user experiences with sencha touch
https://youtu.be/2lhqW7u-AQM&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Edward Ocampo-Gooding Shopify
https://youtu.be/N0cl5_v8K5U&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Gaurav Seth JavaScript MOJO with chakra
https://youtu.be/UKHHQ5KjAgI&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

John Davidson Building custom widgets with the closure library
https://youtu.be/6OuNb2cnzHs&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Mario Gonzalez Realtime HTML5 Multiplayer Games with NodeJS
https://youtu.be/z1_QpUkX2Gg&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Peter Elger Low Friction Development
https://youtu.be/mARVY7xiPxk&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Private video
https://youtu.be/bKiIpSYt6M0&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Rebecca Murphey Modern JavaScript
https://youtu.be/sohLzDvH964&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

RGA Panel  - Turning kick ass design into kick ass code
https://youtu.be/FfrFdFU8ECk&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Toby Ho a Fun Way to Browser Test
https://youtu.be/QNhd0dehihQ&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

Tom Hughes-Croucher - Multi-tiered Node.js architectures
https://youtu.be/xzX5nXj__3I&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_

[JSConf US 2011] Andrew Lunny hangover.js
https://youtu.be/0_J6NqApt6o&list=PL37ZVnwpeshGoyAz6XzjKtlgp9XrjVry_
Videos 26-50