
RubyConf AU 2016 Build and maintain large Ruby applications by Enrico Teotti
https://youtu.be/b1glMxMPscA&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3ILv2Lxlt422NjIFWnXl0U

RubyConf AU 2016 Burn Your Idiomatic Ruby by Arne Brasseur
https://youtu.be/7gcbaNlqdLE&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3ILv2Lxlt422NjIFWnXl0U

RubyConf AU 2016 Code Review Pitfalls and Good Practices by Thong Kuah
https://youtu.be/akf0Mx72wgI&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3ILv2Lxlt422NjIFWnXl0U

RubyConf AU 2016 Debugging Diversity by Dan Draper & Catherine Jones
https://youtu.be/ZAC2mU24bH8&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3ILv2Lxlt422NjIFWnXl0U

RubyConf AU 2016 Diversity in Tech - It's About More than Just the Hiring Process by Jess Rudder
https://youtu.be/CgDLI0Ounhg&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3ILv2Lxlt422NjIFWnXl0U

RubyConf AU 2016 Event Sourcing, or Why ActiveRecord Must Die by Sebastian von Conrad
https://youtu.be/hiFqu1BTgsA&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3ILv2Lxlt422NjIFWnXl0U

RubyConf AU 2016 Explicit Tests Tell a Better Tale by Tom Ridge
https://youtu.be/z5EctI4jATY&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3ILv2Lxlt422NjIFWnXl0U

RubyConf AU 2016 Feedback Matters by Elle Meredith
https://youtu.be/vpSv1wS49yA&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3ILv2Lxlt422NjIFWnXl0U

RubyConf AU 2016 Functional programming for rubyists by Bianca Gibson
https://youtu.be/wOgeMk8PCfE&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3ILv2Lxlt422NjIFWnXl0U

RubyConf AU 2016 Humane Development - Empathy by Ernie Miller
https://youtu.be/yeBpknHjyGo&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3ILv2Lxlt422NjIFWnXl0U

RubyConf AU 2016 In-spec-tion by Jon Rowe
https://youtu.be/-93B0tAVVbM&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3ILv2Lxlt422NjIFWnXl0U

RubyConf AU 2016 Learning Code Good by Saron Yitbarek
https://youtu.be/q4mPIctwZ-Q&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3ILv2Lxlt422NjIFWnXl0U

RubyConf AU 2016 One Undo by Katrina Owen
https://youtu.be/Uk-DMWVR1zc&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3ILv2Lxlt422NjIFWnXl0U

RubyConf AU 2016 Out of sight, out of mind Helping teams thrive by Allison McMillan
https://youtu.be/bGGj7JFzPns&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3ILv2Lxlt422NjIFWnXl0U

RubyConf AU 2016 Pursuing the Strong, Not So Silent Type A Haskell Story by Katie Miller
https://youtu.be/mLlVsX3p-oc&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3ILv2Lxlt422NjIFWnXl0U

RubyConf AU 2016 Rails Performance Tips by Richard Huang
https://youtu.be/2xu8MDNj0Dk&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3ILv2Lxlt422NjIFWnXl0U

RubyConf AU 2016 Refinements - the Worst Feature You Ever Loved by Paolo Perrotta
https://youtu.be/XvlGOokgSi4&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3ILv2Lxlt422NjIFWnXl0U

RubyConf AU 2016 Ruby off the Rails How the government broke the internet by Senator Scott Ludlam
https://youtu.be/XwQyQTT_i0Q&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3ILv2Lxlt422NjIFWnXl0U

RubyConf AU 2016 Security is hard, but we can't go shopping by Andre Arko
https://youtu.be/w_Lwd3sGSbc&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3ILv2Lxlt422NjIFWnXl0U

RubyConf AU 2016 Site Availability is for Everybody by Stella Cotton
https://youtu.be/TPD3qiWsEV8&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3ILv2Lxlt422NjIFWnXl0U

RubyConf AU 2016 What If Shakespeare Wrote Ruby by Adam Cuppy
https://youtu.be/nEHLhiOLB0A&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3ILv2Lxlt422NjIFWnXl0U

RubyConf AU 2016 Winning in Production by Dr Nic Williams
https://youtu.be/1S4NV6F3d3Q&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3ILv2Lxlt422NjIFWnXl0U
RubyConf AU 2016