
7+ ActiveModel Magic Tricks You Didn't Know About - Julian Pinzon
https://youtu.be/h0HF5-OiMqE&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

A blessing in defaultSo Fetch -  Elle Meredith
https://youtu.be/ynJqPdQBx_k&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

A Rails Journey From Paramedicine to Surfing Mountains - Dan Solo
https://youtu.be/rTx51yiirVM&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

A Random Assortment of Code - Pat Allan
https://youtu.be/N4FfH6sPMs8&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Action Cable 101 - David Smith
https://youtu.be/XDR9Jf1HEZk&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Altering DNS with Ruby is a Terrible Idea... But Let's Do It Anyway - Pat Allan
https://youtu.be/3H6YUi68mdA&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Being the Most Valuable Engineer in your Team - David Carlin & co
https://youtu.be/Ht9YsXrM-D8&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Building apps with turbo and stimulus - JuliaÃÅn Pizon
https://youtu.be/bmELTNa04p0&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Data pipelines in Rails and Postgres - Micheal Millewski
https://youtu.be/cCm7-zagbwY&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Exercism Robot Simulator - Hemanth Haridas
https://youtu.be/vkncK9MYIG0&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

How to Give a Coding Challenge - Akash Chhetri
https://youtu.be/gfPQcWgMng4&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

How To Make Money With Ruby - Jason Kotchoff
https://youtu.be/iWtecg-eQxI&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

How to nurture your career as a ruby developer - Group Discussion
https://youtu.be/-_0__lMTpts&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Image Compression - David Carlin
https://youtu.be/VvQb_jf7Zhs&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Introduction to Mutation Testing - Adam Rice
https://youtu.be/rRWWKAygZEg&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Introduction to ROD - Matt Wang
https://youtu.be/BM1Dymafsi0&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

JWTs, what ruby developers need to know - Dan Moore
https://youtu.be/W2NHW6BVzz8&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Live Query Streams in RethinkDB - Simon Hildebrandt
https://youtu.be/k0t5FbGfH6k&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Nailing Your Live Coding Job Interview in Ruby - Tom Dalling
https://youtu.be/7cyx_88m2CM&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Stop Rubocop Fix-up Commits - Like Ever! - Michael Milewski
https://youtu.be/G-vhAwVo0Ns&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Stripe Integration for Dummies - Akash Chhetri
https://youtu.be/DJupgTe0rIs&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Talking Tech to the Not Technical - Nick Wolf
https://youtu.be/x2BAHxT11io&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Tips on how to get more from your salary negotiation - Nadia Vu
https://youtu.be/Kbh7xkKAOR8&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Unpacking the Committee - Nick Wolf
https://youtu.be/iCJzzH5-DAw&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Up's Monolith Story - Anthony Langhorne
https://youtu.be/Og8KsKmUo_8&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND
Videos 1-25