
14 Death And Respawning - Unity 5.3 Simple Multiplayer Game
https://youtu.be/AkYabgEORf4

15 Handling Non Player Objects - Unity 5.3 Simple Multiplayer Game
https://youtu.be/xe40VS_SB6Q

16 Destroying Enemies - Unity 5.3 Simple Multiplayer Game
https://youtu.be/rIhWtsH7wSI

17 Spawning And Respawning - Unity 5.3 Simple Multiplayer Game
https://youtu.be/b43kxhnPy28

18 Simple Game Conclusion- Unity 5.3 Simple Multiplayer Game
https://youtu.be/ka0DsfZH-B8

Distracting Enemy AIs
https://youtu.be/td9C4dlQ61c

Upcoming Chapter 8 Melee Weapons - GTGD S3
https://youtu.be/bNkifO321qc

Upcoming Chapter 9 Friendly and Enemy AI
https://youtu.be/ydlgd_Rohjc

[134] Intro To Chapter 8 - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/djhpZD-WP-Y

[135] Setup Crowbar - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/QxOKhZ1XVhA

[136] Crowbar Animation - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/KrsgSCfnpdA

[137] Melee Master - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/OLTJMelSIF8

[138] Melee Standard Input - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/NXeEvKLP5yY

[139] Melee Swing - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/hUoOMpY9EXY

[140] Melee Strike - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/jSyS5mM0yvA

[141] Melee Reset - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/k1IvOdwJy7E

[142] Melee Hit Effects - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/NvuBZa2ycHs

[143] Melee Sound - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/vAluBrnIiZI

[144] NPC AI Introduction - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/LmkUVZrQVpA

[145] Enemy NPC Prefab - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/0LwUwSHJn8g

[146] NPC Master - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/YsnyrEATSDA

[147] NPC State Scripts - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/J4sneroW6Kg

[148] NPC State Pattern 1 - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/gWDIBNnMufM

[149] NPC State Pattern 2 - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/2l-YssKUnqE

[150] NPC State Patrol - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/sUed8-xmyiA
Videos 101-125