
Adrian Nasui - Designing a Real-World Clean Architecture - Lessons Learned building Filbo
https://youtu.be/2eRCLikuLI4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpsLBhP8Grz2henLimijXQU

Andres Almiray - Releasing at the speed of light
https://youtu.be/UmkABiwTHcE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpsLBhP8Grz2henLimijXQU

Barnabas Szekely - Privacy by Design GDPR Compliant Software Development
https://youtu.be/qaR01UGHGxw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpsLBhP8Grz2henLimijXQU

Cosmin Cojocaru - Can AI predict your property price based on images
https://youtu.be/QpFIUTBnt1E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpsLBhP8Grz2henLimijXQU

Cătălin Tudose - Efficient Spring Data REST development
https://youtu.be/S8Lbs4R26OY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpsLBhP8Grz2henLimijXQU

David Pilato - Hunting (and stopping!) threats with Elastic Security
https://youtu.be/7zJ3iUofRAo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpsLBhP8Grz2henLimijXQU

Edoardo Vacchi - The Call of Ctooling The Secrets Behind Native Image Building
https://youtu.be/7QM4KLaRRRQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpsLBhP8Grz2henLimijXQU

Francesco Leardini - Wait...can my browser do that
https://youtu.be/pLQ7bJ8vo-k&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpsLBhP8Grz2henLimijXQU

Gabriel Bornea - Functional web APIs
https://youtu.be/Ic58R8CVNuM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpsLBhP8Grz2henLimijXQU

Gerrit Grunwald - DiscoAPI - OpenJDK distributions as a service
https://youtu.be/5kFGTlI3fVg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpsLBhP8Grz2henLimijXQU

Horatiu Dan - Respectful REST APIs – ‘Sunset’ and ‘Deprecation’ HTTP Headers
https://youtu.be/wnFtt0oNTLU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpsLBhP8Grz2henLimijXQU

Hugh McKee - Serverless Code, Serverless Data, Stateful Serverless Java
https://youtu.be/kWNWBgaAvWg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpsLBhP8Grz2henLimijXQU

John Papa - 7D’s of Developing and Delivering Technology
https://youtu.be/EuhgnazNlgY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpsLBhP8Grz2henLimijXQU

Laurențiu Spilcă - Be a better Spring developer with 10 pro tips
https://youtu.be/N6w7bVvxyC8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpsLBhP8Grz2henLimijXQU

Maarten Mulders - REACT in 40 minutes
https://youtu.be/jtJHYF1I-3U&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpsLBhP8Grz2henLimijXQU

Magda Miu - High performance with idiomatic Kotlin
https://youtu.be/G5_DwR6i_Es&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpsLBhP8Grz2henLimijXQU

Marton Kodok - Cloud Run the rise of serverless and containerization
https://youtu.be/lnNOJY5aF0M&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpsLBhP8Grz2henLimijXQU

Michael Dowden - From Horror Story to Fairy Tale Writing code people want to read
https://youtu.be/jbF3SsqJLvg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpsLBhP8Grz2henLimijXQU

Miron Brezai - Kafka is simple, it is just an infinite file
https://youtu.be/uFF4dKM1iOA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpsLBhP8Grz2henLimijXQU

Nicolas Boitout - Bucharest is already the European capital of Low-CodeRPA  what opportunity ....
https://youtu.be/2qNtgtGPmdU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpsLBhP8Grz2henLimijXQU

Rafal Leszko - Distributed Locking and Java
https://youtu.be/SYfGWtRTcpM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpsLBhP8Grz2henLimijXQU

Rob Richardson - Gaining Confidence with Cypress Tests
https://youtu.be/k_cvq3ff-qs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpsLBhP8Grz2henLimijXQU

Sergii Bishyr - Building fault tolerant applications with Kubernetes and Istio
https://youtu.be/vXnKTscd08I&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpsLBhP8Grz2henLimijXQU

Sven Ruppert - Hidden pearls for High-Performance-Persistence
https://youtu.be/qRgY53SIe_w&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpsLBhP8Grz2henLimijXQU

VDRO Day02 Track01 Slot09
https://youtu.be/NOebJhd5JKE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpsLBhP8Grz2henLimijXQU
Videos 1-25