
Devoxx 2015 Interview Arun Gupta
https://youtu.be/19nmbNDqfs4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrGiskRbS5Zjtg0gmmEDUAc

Devoxx 2015 Interview Geertjan Wielinga
https://youtu.be/PFTUILlw-7w&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrGiskRbS5Zjtg0gmmEDUAc

Devoxx 2015 Interview Johan Vos
https://youtu.be/Vq0tJLvHvVs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrGiskRbS5Zjtg0gmmEDUAc

Devoxx 2015 Reception
https://youtu.be/c4tzIQZKKZc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrGiskRbS5Zjtg0gmmEDUAc

Devoxx Belgium 2015 Interview Michael Hoffer
https://youtu.be/-SR4TQGbrbw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrGiskRbS5Zjtg0gmmEDUAc

Devoxx Live 2015 Behind the Scenes Exploration
https://youtu.be/SWnYWqXpNl4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrGiskRbS5Zjtg0gmmEDUAc

Devoxx Live 2015 Day 1 Wrap up
https://youtu.be/2_DeQ6KYgFQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrGiskRbS5Zjtg0gmmEDUAc

Devoxx Live 2015 EXPO Pit Lane Walk
https://youtu.be/nm5X2i-i_tY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrGiskRbS5Zjtg0gmmEDUAc

Devoxx Live 2015 Welcome
https://youtu.be/1uh1zLsdxsE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrGiskRbS5Zjtg0gmmEDUAc

Devoxx Live Drone Racing Devoxx
https://youtu.be/WI0v4AMdrPo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrGiskRbS5Zjtg0gmmEDUAc

Devoxx on Wheels at Devoxx Belgium 2015
https://youtu.be/UCyAXxhAiCI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrGiskRbS5Zjtg0gmmEDUAc

Interview Baruch Sadogursky Devoxx Belgium 2015
https://youtu.be/PFK7OPLNzxE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrGiskRbS5Zjtg0gmmEDUAc

Interview Brasil Yara and Vini Senger Devoxx Belgium 2015
https://youtu.be/Rv-IajdulyY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrGiskRbS5Zjtg0gmmEDUAc

Interview Linda Van der Pal and Mike Croft Devoxx Belgium 2015
https://youtu.be/hW6zLoDNSBM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrGiskRbS5Zjtg0gmmEDUAc

Interview Mark Reinhold at Devoxx Belgium 2015
https://youtu.be/Gta0JtNzTdc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrGiskRbS5Zjtg0gmmEDUAc

Interview Murat Yener
https://youtu.be/WaR8lFg5i4Y&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrGiskRbS5Zjtg0gmmEDUAc

Interview Sam Bessalah Devoxx Belgium 2015
https://youtu.be/4zh60hyd5iw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrGiskRbS5Zjtg0gmmEDUAc

Interview Stephen Chin and Josh Long Devoxx
https://youtu.be/kZ0PzY8mw4s&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrGiskRbS5Zjtg0gmmEDUAc

Interview Victor Samsung Devoxx Belgium 2015
https://youtu.be/0kakNqA6oQU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrGiskRbS5Zjtg0gmmEDUAc

Interview with Pepper robot
https://youtu.be/A-2IVBIpnng&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrGiskRbS5Zjtg0gmmEDUAc
Interviews - Devoxx BE 2015