
Accelerating MATLAB Application Development Using Stateflow
https://youtu.be/D0nQuJkJ0-M&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Centralize, Protect, and Scale Your Algorithms
https://youtu.be/SLiEwTH1NOk&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Customizing Embedded CoderÂ® for Perfect C Code
https://youtu.be/102Fx4TvW2s&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Data Dictionary Managing and Migrating Design Data
https://youtu.be/aEWBOYZrh4g&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Data Labeling with Ground Truth Labeler App
https://youtu.be/JH0I9NCZPDQ&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Deep Network Quantization and Deployment
https://youtu.be/jufOpBeSvHM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Designing Software Architectures Using AUTOSAR Blockset
https://youtu.be/Ys7pE2Vs-44&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Electric Vehicle Powertrain Exploration with Simscape Vehicle Templates
https://youtu.be/K0MvQHfv-pQ&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Generating Object-Oriented C++ Code from MATLAB Algorithms
https://youtu.be/ekmbotZZJU0&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Implementing a 5G NR Cell Search Reference Application
https://youtu.be/h84CvcEc2U4&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Improving Efficiency in the MATLAB Live Editor
https://youtu.be/sBt_0navNJI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Keyboard-Driven Workflows in the Simulink and Stateflow Editors
https://youtu.be/8WjtgFMeEz8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Lidar SLAM for Automated Driving
https://youtu.be/n4tazoEcBGo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Managing Design Data in MATLAB and Simulink
https://youtu.be/-zMJjfukPzw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Multicore Embedded Design
https://youtu.be/KZc9E3Iyk7c&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

OFDM HDL Reference Application
https://youtu.be/ULtiPtzXJ1c&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Physical Modeling with the Simscape Product Family
https://youtu.be/i07MNXZc42c&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Running a Deep Learning Network on an FPGA to Detect Defects
https://youtu.be/ue-9NaHCFug&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Scaling Test Execution with MATLAB Parallel Server
https://youtu.be/8PXEDJ8f5rs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Sharing MATLAB Apps and Simulink Simulations Using MATLAB Web App Server
https://youtu.be/NLt8wEA4N2E&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Simulink Lookup Tables
https://youtu.be/xSzVRvbs6bg&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Top 7 Ways to Automate Your RTL Verification
https://youtu.be/2Ugo1anCNX8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Using Projects to Collaborate, Track, and Merge Changes and Perform Code Reviews
https://youtu.be/guG29EyDoKg&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Using the Simulink Profiler to Understand Model Execution Time
https://youtu.be/kUa422QNddw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Visual SLAM for Automated Driving
https://youtu.be/941vnWuIrJk&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ
Videos 26-50