
Brad Lhotsky - Writing Command Line Tools for Other People
https://youtu.be/lUGm5c4ubZA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Bulk88 - Writing XS in Plain C
https://youtu.be/EKqCAo0O63I&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Chris Prather - Make New Friends
https://youtu.be/KmoUk3a9fH4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Dave Rolsky - A Date with Perl
https://youtu.be/enr5_FoToiA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Henry Van Styn - RapiBlog - All-new maximalist blogging powered by RapidApp
https://youtu.be/5s_eSYwXDwM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Jason McIntosh - BumpySkies A Passion-Project Postmortem
https://youtu.be/N4JNYCjerNM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Jason Terry - Amazon Alexa and Perl
https://youtu.be/Q7hGl_WKsDA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Joe Kline - To Serve Human
https://youtu.be/o9V6O8qZfcc&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

John Anderson - A Modest Introduction to Swift
https://youtu.be/n-st1-DpKHI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Leon Fayer - The Lost Art of Troubleshooting
https://youtu.be/sNjm3ul5WYo&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Liam Mcnerney - Thrown in the Deep End Learning to Swim with Perl
https://youtu.be/G9iP-mRRw60&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by Brad Lhotsky - Hacking the Interviewing Process
https://youtu.be/1rcKBrD81Ec&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by Brian Duggan - Election Protection Runs On Request Tracker
https://youtu.be/0-fIOLpIyz0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by Chas. Owens - Perl 6 Str Considered Harmful
https://youtu.be/_zJ-2VXpUyM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by Drew Taylor - Administering Slack Contests with Perl
https://youtu.be/uihIyKFkMoA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by Eric Johnson - MooXCommander
https://youtu.be/topB0jOxL6o&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by James E. Keenan - Impact of U.S. Immigration Policies on Open Source Communities
https://youtu.be/lc0gjymliOI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by Joel Berger - Build Your Own Peace of Mind
https://youtu.be/aJc5yYONBBc&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by Len Budney - Manners for Perl Scripts
https://youtu.be/ud3isNiB_C0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by Leon Fayer - Adventures in Public Speaking
https://youtu.be/cwKrXBfnaTI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by Nicolas R. - grepmetacpan
https://youtu.be/f0CqeVw7nXc&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by Vadim Belman - Reinventing Foswiki
https://youtu.be/Wp60wXGBaTs&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Nicolas R. - Introduction to Perl Internals
https://youtu.be/zNsew4U-quM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Philip Hood - Basic Autonomous Driving Research
https://youtu.be/Fn1ZvGiK4hc&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Stevan Little - Hold My Beer and Watch This!
https://youtu.be/w5U7eoeuO90&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m
Videos 26-50