
Adam Wolff Rebuilding Facebook Chat
https://youtu.be/unEuPvA2wnM&list=PL37ZVnwpeshF-i8_6tDZU4543HrHXp8EL

Andrew Miadowicz What does Chakra do with your JavaScript
https://youtu.be/OqnMmoF2GqM&list=PL37ZVnwpeshF-i8_6tDZU4543HrHXp8EL

Daan van Berkel Rendering Mona Lisa by Solving the Traveling Salesman Problem
https://youtu.be/eoaHsSmTQ2I&list=PL37ZVnwpeshF-i8_6tDZU4543HrHXp8EL

Elise Huard Why functional is the new black
https://youtu.be/3ujq55fCx6o&list=PL37ZVnwpeshF-i8_6tDZU4543HrHXp8EL

Emily Rose Node.js & Black Box Prototyping
https://youtu.be/gur5C_6XfeU&list=PL37ZVnwpeshF-i8_6tDZU4543HrHXp8EL

Francisco Jordano OpenWebDevice First mobile running Firefox OS
https://youtu.be/R-WmtKjwYWo&list=PL37ZVnwpeshF-i8_6tDZU4543HrHXp8EL

Garann Means Improvisational JavaScript
https://youtu.be/qzJ0hn1mHOw&list=PL37ZVnwpeshF-i8_6tDZU4543HrHXp8EL

Irene Ros Bringing Data to your Client-Side Apps
https://youtu.be/VHmyfXgcPM4&list=PL37ZVnwpeshF-i8_6tDZU4543HrHXp8EL

Jason Huggins Everyone Loves Robots
https://youtu.be/3vIVcDFoKvs&list=PL37ZVnwpeshF-i8_6tDZU4543HrHXp8EL

Julian Viereck Don't dream - make the WebAPI of your dreams become real!
https://youtu.be/cT9f-04K6JI&list=PL37ZVnwpeshF-i8_6tDZU4543HrHXp8EL

Kamen Bundev Fixing the Mobile Web - tips and tricks that can save your sanity
https://youtu.be/Z4EjMtQJXVo&list=PL37ZVnwpeshF-i8_6tDZU4543HrHXp8EL

Kevin Markman Taking Web Apps Offline
https://youtu.be/ejcJmeewtd4&list=PL37ZVnwpeshF-i8_6tDZU4543HrHXp8EL

Lennart C. L. Kats Effectively Building Language Tools
https://youtu.be/Pjh58l5OgSQ&list=PL37ZVnwpeshF-i8_6tDZU4543HrHXp8EL

Margaret Leibovic Firefox for Android
https://youtu.be/yRI38CIYXDo&list=PL37ZVnwpeshF-i8_6tDZU4543HrHXp8EL

Markus Leutwyler How to get rich (quick) with JS
https://youtu.be/bStff9X0oYI&list=PL37ZVnwpeshF-i8_6tDZU4543HrHXp8EL

Max Krohn IcedCoffeeScript
https://youtu.be/wwheL5TP_vE&list=PL37ZVnwpeshF-i8_6tDZU4543HrHXp8EL

Michael Bebenita & Shu-yu Guo Low Level JavaScript
https://youtu.be/IDmFZbP2b0A&list=PL37ZVnwpeshF-i8_6tDZU4543HrHXp8EL

Neuman Vong The circuit as a point-free general model of computation
https://youtu.be/hac-ThiXZp0&list=PL37ZVnwpeshF-i8_6tDZU4543HrHXp8EL

Olov Lassus The story of when assumption met a magic hat
https://youtu.be/yk6t4kRN53w&list=PL37ZVnwpeshF-i8_6tDZU4543HrHXp8EL

Paul Campbell & Eamon Leonard Seacht
https://youtu.be/EaeDpKnQX9Y&list=PL37ZVnwpeshF-i8_6tDZU4543HrHXp8EL

Sam Dutton WebRTC Real-time communication without plugins
https://youtu.be/mYQNEaOfqGI&list=PL37ZVnwpeshF-i8_6tDZU4543HrHXp8EL

Sebastian Golasch Prof. JavaScript and his incredible machines
https://youtu.be/uPgZ_om6xfk&list=PL37ZVnwpeshF-i8_6tDZU4543HrHXp8EL
Videos 26-47