
Python Basics Ascending Number Triangle Using Itertools Count Method
https://youtu.be/hj3QeZiFNtE&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Board Game Pt  2
https://youtu.be/lE_GPgw1NoU&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Board Game Pt  3
https://youtu.be/rHAG3XNhAJg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Board Game Pt  4
https://youtu.be/irCSc8dMoMk&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Computer Guessing Game pt 1
https://youtu.be/dbMv4x147Jw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Computer Guessing Game pt 3
https://youtu.be/C69dhgHtWgw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Computer Guessing Game pt 4
https://youtu.be/os52IgBTMS8&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Computer Guessing Game pt 5
https://youtu.be/0fmSW_RFpas&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Factors with  For Loop
https://youtu.be/ufZYG6tBgfI&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics GCD Best Practice
https://youtu.be/2Z1LLsUg6sY&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics GCD Part 1
https://youtu.be/Zvrn7_IsBaM&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Guessing Computer Game pt 2
https://youtu.be/ZhvhR-JucZo&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Pop Quiz #3 Answer
https://youtu.be/W4GSLfaY6OQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Pygame Event Get Method
https://youtu.be/7sjV3S9deCU&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Requested Number Triangle
https://youtu.be/Vfpytqs1pWQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Shopping List Pt 1
https://youtu.be/Ebgw7yQVwWw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Shopping List Pt 2
https://youtu.be/So4rxTBcnvo&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Shopping List Pt 3
https://youtu.be/D5ZHcZ2XMms&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Shopping List Pt 4
https://youtu.be/v6mwZP0kMWM&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Shopping List Uncut
https://youtu.be/62sblljc4VQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics String Count Sub-Strings
https://youtu.be/Fjt6oNp-FX8&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Sub-String Find Method
https://youtu.be/pK2HRpyfX0s&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Sub-string Function
https://youtu.be/zxSEkzd6T9A&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Time List comprehension and for loops
https://youtu.be/D0UEwoMTq28&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Try and Except
https://youtu.be/s7f4fs0Png8&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU
Videos 26-50