
1. Unity Tutorial Basics - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/fRED_-LvJKQ&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

10. Unity Tutorial, Tree Generator - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/yw6NN7BuTpE&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

11th. Unity Tutorial, Weapon Switching - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/zl8sVogRIvk&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

12th. Unity Tutorial, Enemy AI - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/aGX64eXs9e0&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

13th. Unity Tutorial, Audio Zones - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/LcAj_1R37DA&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

14th. Unity Tutorial, Awesome Audio - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/25YmYn5JRUw&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

2. Unity Tutorial Melee Combat- Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/HzTceINFowY&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

3. Unity Tutorial Animation and Health - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/FKT7jIW6ORU&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

4. Unity Tutorial Animation System - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/OgFa4H2P6Z0&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

5. Unity Tutorial, Crosshairs - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/FRSZpQDdV1Y&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

6. Unity Tutorial, Timing, Animation and Importing - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/C6c9J9CSEvA&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

7A. Unity Tutorial, Render Settings - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/_brBV61f2ss&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

7B. Unity Tutorial, Glowing Particles - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/YD0mkX6T9b8&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

8. Unity Tutorial, Terrains - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/pSZzlOvfdtI&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

9. Unity Tutorial, Lamps, Materials, Shaders - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/KsCDvFX7Mdk&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Avatar of Khaine, Sword - Speed Modelling
https://youtu.be/LAnz8ZfhV88&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Funky Keyboard - Speed Modelling
https://youtu.be/INwqOIz87eQ&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Lightsaber - Speed Modeling
https://youtu.be/PqrktTRFPoM&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Mastering Collision - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/STzGxHbdwgw&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Medieval Bow and Mace - Speed Modeling
https://youtu.be/ixmOmNiWx3A&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Private video
https://youtu.be/2Iho4W7Infs&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Robot Speed Modeling #1 - The Leg
https://youtu.be/NfAhCFNTRtE&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Viking Axe and Shield - Speed Modeling
https://youtu.be/k5_b8oTw2pc&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA
Videos 426-450