
#136 Secure code lessons from Have I Been Pwned
https://youtu.be/HP-wldp5FbU

#137 Design concepts and tips for developers
https://youtu.be/Of-lXS0dSAw

#138 Anvil All web, all Python
https://youtu.be/lxPZVkDigts

#139 Paths into a data science career
https://youtu.be/5jqo0BHJnrQ

#140 Level up your Python with #100DaysOfCode challenge
https://youtu.be/E2AOt9ESLTo

#141 Python tricks
https://youtu.be/YPjK6KnnAJw

#142 Automating the web with Selenium and InstaPy
https://youtu.be/ILq6eg0V0E0

#143 Tuning Python Web App Performance
https://youtu.be/srV6eEwv9lM

#144 Machine Learning at the Large Hadron Collider
https://youtu.be/DzV8_Z5cUjw

#145 2017 Python Year in Review
https://youtu.be/JBS63f4tz5E

#146 Building Alexa Skills with Python and Flask
https://youtu.be/Te5Cs4vDE34

#147 Quart Flask, but 3x faster
https://youtu.be/O2-vra987CM

#148 Python Book Authors' Panel Discussion
https://youtu.be/9uP8o66Q9kc

#149 4 Python Web Frameworks, Compared
https://youtu.be/NNpj4xXD9vI

#151 Gradual Typing of Production Applications
https://youtu.be/xRZCbuKBNW4

#152 Understanding and using Python's AST
https://youtu.be/_yFpXIbnT1E

#153 How Python Evolves
https://youtu.be/sT9qWA519ss

#154 Python in Biology and Genomics
https://youtu.be/51tsYbAfr74

#155 Practical steps for moving to Python 3
https://youtu.be/cb0SZoPx4Pc

#156 Python History and Perspectives
https://youtu.be/CCtoNSXP7lA

#157 The Journal of Open Source Software
https://youtu.be/cX7DjpWfd_s

#158 Quantum Computing and Python
https://youtu.be/T3u2iY0ni-0

#159 Inside the new PyPI launch
https://youtu.be/nQ08lqtY_qQ

#160 Lektor Beautiful websites out of flat files
https://youtu.be/ldUm4rxIGfE

#161 Django 2.0
https://youtu.be/fE6jXoGbVWY
Videos 201-225