
Good API design
https://youtu.be/bv89IOFvn7o&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Hacking PyLongObject on Python 3.2
https://youtu.be/9tzd45ho8gE&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Healthcare process management in Python a use case
https://youtu.be/MsmmrfkLuvY&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

High-performance computing on gamer PCs
https://youtu.be/TkBkGGPY2P0&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

How to build complex web applications having fun
https://youtu.be/eXW_lN4x04k&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

How to make intelligent web-apps
https://youtu.be/N7monH2jXNI&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Implementing distributed applications using ZeroMQ, Python and other bad guys...
https://youtu.be/pYlKLaqlFj8&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Interoperability from Python to Clojure and the other way round
https://youtu.be/jYhLqo4Mqbc&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Introducing Django REST framework
https://youtu.be/SGj0-BZsFn4&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Introduction to Gevent
https://youtu.be/5MZDzwmfRmo&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Introduction to Qt
https://youtu.be/K5u1MToA3NU&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

It's the message, stupid python & amqp
https://youtu.be/dIwsKYNbtnI&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

JSON data + RML template = PDF report
https://youtu.be/9Cq_Zmr0OgM&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Leveraging an instant messaging protocol to build a scalable cloud architecture
https://youtu.be/xlVCtmbIYNE&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Making CPython Fast Using Trace-based Optimisations
https://youtu.be/3uTnXITm-kA&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Making use of OpenStreetMap data with Python
https://youtu.be/ULxpa5jPvow&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Managing the cloud with libcloud
https://youtu.be/6FlvXN2JxTc&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Merengue the new surprising and refreshing Django based CMS.
https://youtu.be/jUHTORehfRg&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Meteorology, Climate and Python desperately trying to forget technical details
https://youtu.be/zZY-5cHZsT0&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

MiG - A Complete Grid Middleware (mostly) in Python
https://youtu.be/enNcrMTg2lM&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

New beauty in Camelot
https://youtu.be/jwwEyEAR1YA&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Objects and classes in Python (and JavaScript)
https://youtu.be/tIgRlaChOqU&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

OpenERP 100% pythonic way for business management
https://youtu.be/b70_GgWpH40&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

OpenStack Compute's automated testing
https://youtu.be/MVo0qEKK0wo&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

PLPython -- Python inside the PostgreSQL RDBMS
https://youtu.be/PT-bvTXFk5Y&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH
Videos 126-150