
After Python Basics, What Next  what to do  learn next after learning python
https://youtu.be/H-dI0ooGhSU

Best MOOC Sites for ONLINE Programming courses
https://youtu.be/pcSVShXMJxU

Best Python IDEs and Code Editors  Development Environments
https://youtu.be/7mQgJzionaU

Best Way to Learn Programming from Scratch
https://youtu.be/PeeT0ME1yzk

Calculating SLOPE  Linear Equations #3 of 5
https://youtu.be/q0H39Ge890k

FOIL - multiplying binomials  Quadratic Equations #1
https://youtu.be/ThUaAtQduLQ

Happy Pi Day - Calculating Pi in Python
https://youtu.be/QmxByEiDK0E

How I Destroyed the DOW  Investing Advice during Pandemics
https://youtu.be/QrXXHAO23vQ

Intro to Factoring  Quadratic Equations #2
https://youtu.be/MP4wdNP3GVk

Laws of Exponents  Algebra - powers and exponential equations
https://youtu.be/V0BelPptoYA

Linear Equations #4 of 5 Word Problems  Algebra prep for SAT & ACT
https://youtu.be/-HLRk9OX--k

Linear Equations Standard Form  Linear Equations #2 of 5
https://youtu.be/MxoulVgKwPU

LOGarithms  Algebra - Intro to Logs and Rules of Logarithms
https://youtu.be/FLbikXxMR0w

Machine Learning PREREQuisites  what to learn first
https://youtu.be/kAIdSThbKnE

My CS GITHUB Site  code and ppt for all my videos
https://youtu.be/leoIXI0vaD4

Python Web Scraping with BeautifulSoup  BS4 data mining
https://youtu.be/zD0FDYI5_rs

Shelter in Place  How I'm Surviving at home in Fremont
https://youtu.be/r_DJen_qXl4

SHORTCUT to Become a PROGRAMMING Expert instantly
https://youtu.be/CHHEEVuGj18

Silicon Valley SW Engineer to High School Math Teacher in Mississippi
https://youtu.be/CSeHpf52ayw

Slope-Intercept Equations  Linear Equations #1 of 5
https://youtu.be/yEpmkoQ5Dnw

Solving Systems of Linear Equations  Linear Equations #5 of 5
https://youtu.be/eAQCL_Lf-1c

StackOverflow Top Programming Languages  and Frameworks 2019
https://youtu.be/AiHYoBp_AC0

Tax Free Investing  Investment Strategies to Avoid Paying Taxes
https://youtu.be/i2ihtmn4EMU

Top 10 Programming Pitfalls  Bad Habits to Avoid
https://youtu.be/cDGyrw2T1sg

Zero Product Property  Quadratic Equations #3
https://youtu.be/17PlEFCvGe0
Videos 51-75