
App Ideas for Your iOS Developer Portfolio.url
https://youtu.be/v8XK41iTTkM&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

Apple Reduces App Store Commission to 15%.url
https://youtu.be/XkrRNQ2a-iY&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

Beginner Developers Struggle With This.url
https://youtu.be/SxU_rJdHPDc&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

CloudKit - Intro, Pricing, Terms, & Definitions.url
https://youtu.be/mXGg-iwZNUA&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

Common Beginner iOS Dev Mistakes - From Sr. Developers.url
https://youtu.be/-8PquirNfEY&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

How to get Software Dev Job Interviews.url
https://youtu.be/3U1Gx4yODX4&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

HUGE iOS Developer Survey Results.url
https://youtu.be/zaVLXTsAtEc&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

Icons & Illustrations for your iOS App  Shape.so.url
https://youtu.be/gUGKMgJRxvQ&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

Indie Dev Apps - Fireworks, 30 Day Workout, Adaptivity, Book Track.url
https://youtu.be/H_sOFB4DiyU&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

iOS App Design Resources & Inspiration.url
https://youtu.be/DnfNCBHo-qU&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

iOS Dev - Must Have Screen Size Resource.url
https://youtu.be/orCmX88u2PI&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

iOS Developer Portfolios  Review & Showcase.url
https://youtu.be/wKdVqo7wTA8&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

iOS Developer Portfolios June 2020  Review & Showcase.url
https://youtu.be/Wa9Xj3iNhe0&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

MUST-HAVE Skill For Software Developers.url
https://youtu.be/oZx7TtEA6ow&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

My 2021 iOS Developer Resume - Example and Review.url
https://youtu.be/utalzva4nZY&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

Programmer Slang - 8 Common Terms Explained.url
https://youtu.be/OmQpyaP5S9U&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

Remove an App From App Store Connect.url
https://youtu.be/6qmJ0wuRxEU&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

Should You Learn SwiftUI or UIKit as of iOS 15.url
https://youtu.be/OwRQaaW6HdU&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

Software Developer Career Advice Sucks.url
https://youtu.be/s4j4oXC9dKA&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

Software Developers  Products Evolve.url
https://youtu.be/SogDn0QMMVw&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

Story of a Laid Off iOS Dev - How to prepare for bad times  Kilo Loco.url
https://youtu.be/M6rn-dBdvtI&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

Swift Package Index - How To Use It.url
https://youtu.be/ePzGOuvjlpI&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

The HUGE lesson I learned working in Silicon Valley.url
https://youtu.be/owvTXmIIoMo&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

What's New in SFSymbols 2  WWDC 2020.url
https://youtu.be/Zyk1cbr0134&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq

Your Developer Priorities WILL Change.url
https://youtu.be/bJo_-JQ3VL0&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF2Fk_f7ki4EcHWuw_eDpvq
Videos 1-25