
Python Basics Add Baseline To Pyplot Histogram
https://youtu.be/zU5ual1RSBA

Python Basics Install Kivy Library
https://youtu.be/pg9eEInZM2A

Python Basics Kivy Setup
https://youtu.be/DWzHyKaYBTA

Python Basics Matplotlib Colors
https://youtu.be/YkfmHSj6_-0

Python Basics Matplotlib Pyplot Bar Chart
https://youtu.be/eV2oGJNrY0A

Python Basics Matplotlib Pyplot Bar Horizontal Chart
https://youtu.be/HovBlhhecTQ

Python Basics Monday Motivation Learning Programming
https://youtu.be/i3EOnaoPYKc

Python Basics Nested List Comprehension
https://youtu.be/L1GHuT8tdw0

Python Basics Numpy Array Transpose Method
https://youtu.be/doNu6-Vic3k

Python Basics Numpy Column Stack Function
https://youtu.be/E6MHy0K-ONo

Python Basics Numpy Full Function
https://youtu.be/okQARPoCwPk

Python Basics Numpy Random Uniform Function
https://youtu.be/ymv5TmFiobE

Python Basics Pandas DataFrame Describe Method
https://youtu.be/D8Dl9KJBroc

Python Basics Pandas DataFrame loc Method
https://youtu.be/40I1FDJPX0A

Python Basics Pygame Intro Sprite Module
https://youtu.be/6ciALWBIjo8

Python Basics Pygame Sprite Group Container
https://youtu.be/FOj7G38UmpE

Python Basics Sqlite Create a Table
https://youtu.be/gkioap4u1dE

Python Basics Sqlite Intro
https://youtu.be/owT1R_elUm8

Python Basics Subscriber Feedback
https://youtu.be/nn76vlYuDnk

Python Basics Tkinter Geometry and Configure Methods
https://youtu.be/2qUiPiD6tyI

Python Basics TTK from Tkinter
https://youtu.be/Ecexdzy5h0c

Python Basics Unpack Dictionary with Items Method
https://youtu.be/AJ9mi2pk7jw

Python Basics Weekly Recap 1
https://youtu.be/HO1SM4X3NQk

Python Basics Weekly Recap 2
https://youtu.be/5NtOXS8CyJc

Python Basics What is __main__ 
https://youtu.be/veRoDHVaAeg
Videos 501-525