
Alisa Dammer - Data is not flat
https://youtu.be/YljaTn-CAP0&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Anna Veronika Dorogush - CatBoost - the new generation of Gradient Boosting
https://youtu.be/oGRIGdsz7bM&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

David Liu - Addressing multithreading and multiprocessing in transparent and Pythonic ways
https://youtu.be/REWgzcIzSAA&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Dougal Matthews - 10 years of EuroPython and the Python community
https://youtu.be/glvXlcpmVQo&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

EuroPython 2018 - Lightning talks on Thursday, July 26
https://youtu.be/z8rYW1UiHNc&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Hynek Schlawack - How to Write Deployment friendly Applications
https://youtu.be/8r4wNvbAYUQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Ian Ozsvald - Citizen Science with Python
https://youtu.be/UXSr1OL5JKo&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Ines Montani - How to Ignore Most Startup Advice and Build a Decent Software Business
https://youtu.be/74AsJ7RET20&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Kamila Stepniowska - How can you use Open Source materials to learn Python & data science
https://youtu.be/ZlTTUxu6D4M&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Keystone Sponsor Talk - Why Python is at the heart of Smarkets
https://youtu.be/roKm54yG8Lo&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Lauris Jullien - Productionizing your ML code seamlessly
https://youtu.be/ZM1RBCfLu20&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Marc Andre Lemburg - How to make money using Python - Unused potential in the Enterprise World
https://youtu.be/FfIH-baHJj8&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Marco Bonzanini - Lies, damned lies, and statistics
https://youtu.be/cDhcmjCa7Pc&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Mark Smith - More Than You Ever Wanted To Know About Python Functions
https://youtu.be/vIkpCOY-yGs&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Martin Christen - Processing Geodata using Python and Open Source Modules
https://youtu.be/yiiItJYnYEs&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Matteo Guzzo - Easy interactive data applications with Dash
https://youtu.be/mWv34KOt_Vg&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Matthew Honnibal - Building new NLP solutions with spaCy and Prodigy
https://youtu.be/vrtTAeBLElw&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Mika BostroÌˆm, Alexander Schmolck - Marge A bot for better Git'ing
https://youtu.be/9QXACKrJ-1k&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Obiamaka Agbaneje - Building a Naive Bayes Text Classifier with scikit learn
https://youtu.be/yUuxJygQvpI&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Pietro Mascolo - Good features beat algorithms
https://youtu.be/ZBpwdKezv1E&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Rivo Laks - Creating Solid APIs
https://youtu.be/HB1ngQ7j1FA&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Roberto Polli - Interoperability Rules for an European API Ecosystem do we still need SOAP
https://youtu.be/aqIvec4MMHY&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Sarah Diot Girard - Trust me, I'm a Data Scientist - ethics for builders of data based applications
https://youtu.be/dQqu4t_SE_k&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Stefan Baerisch - The Boring Python Office Talk   Automate Powerpoint, Excel, and PDF with Python
https://youtu.be/azbOfFipzws&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Vinicius Pacheco - Understanding and Applying CQRS
https://youtu.be/395r-jzj8_k&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5
Videos 76-100