
30 Jenkins features and plugins you wished you had known about before! by Joep Weijers
https://youtu.be/6BIry0cepz4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

An Introduction to JVM Performance by Rafael Winterhalter
https://youtu.be/hjpzLXoUu1Y&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Building Event Driven Services with Apache Kafka and Kafka Streams by Ben Stopford
https://youtu.be/p9wcx3aTjuo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Common API security pitfalls by Philippe De Ryck
https://youtu.be/YQzU8xEBiPg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Developing Java applications using Visual Studio Code by Martin Aeschlimann
https://youtu.be/P4x3O75K_ic&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Easy microservices with JHipster by Julien Dubois, Deepu K Sasidharan
https://youtu.be/FuG5t_UW7pw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Exploring Java 9 The Key Parts by Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/Yacu1yUktjY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

gRPC vs REST let the battle begin! by Alex Borysov & Mykyta Protsenko
https://youtu.be/ZDUA5pD50Ok&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Introducing the Flowable Process Engines by Paul Holmes Higgin & Joram Barrez
https://youtu.be/i8dYR0LdpHg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Kafka as a Message Queue can you do it, and should you do it by Adam Warski
https://youtu.be/-As92HV0O4E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Kotlin for Java Programmers by Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/7EVXypZDOos&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Making Microservices Micro with Istio Service Mesh by Ray Tsang
https://youtu.be/AGztKw580yQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Map me if you can! Painless bean mappings with MapStruct by Gunnar Morling
https://youtu.be/nvjqtWQ5zj8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Microservices Data Patterns CQRS & Event Sourcing by Edson Yanaga
https://youtu.be/eyf2Fs7GBo0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Move Slow and Mend Things by Kevlin Henney
https://youtu.be/1kklyq4XYpw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Parallel and Asynchronous Programming with Streams and CompletableFuture by Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/IwJ-SCfXoAU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Plain Functional Programming by Martin Odersky
https://youtu.be/YXDm3WHZT5g&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Prometheus Monitoring for Java Web Applications w o Modifying Source Code by Fabian StaÌˆber
https://youtu.be/BjyI93c8ltA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

QWERTY or DVORAK Debunking the Keyboard Layout Myths by Hanno Embregts
https://youtu.be/blRn9U9Fapg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

RIBs - Uber's new mobile architecture that scales to hundreds of engineers by Tuomas Artman
https://youtu.be/FfwZSk6VRVY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Serverless Architecture Patterns and Best Practices by Chris Munns
https://youtu.be/_mB1JVlhScs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Streaming Database Changes with Debezium by Gunnar Morling
https://youtu.be/IOZ2Um6e430&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Tensorflow and deep reinforcement learning, without a PhD by Martin Gorner
https://youtu.be/aRKOJHRbXeo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Tensorflow, deep learning and modern RNN architectures, without a PhD by Martin Gorner
https://youtu.be/pzOzmxCR37I&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Using Kotlin to implement Clean Architecture by Lieven Doclo
https://youtu.be/0wAvVcrbVK4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo
Videos 1-25