
Accelerated AWS Lambda on Quarkus Deployments with AWS CDK v2 Watch and Hotswap #slideless
https://youtu.be/SK7ic9wTYqU&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_1nobQpIY0Qc1XuMsrDQIw

AWS Lambda (Java)--Cost and Performance ARM (Graviton) vs. Intel #slideless #serverless
https://youtu.be/XqxfFIZONC0&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_1nobQpIY0Qc1XuMsrDQIw

AWS Lambda Configuration with Java CDK #slideless
https://youtu.be/Z3Ir-AQEsKk&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_1nobQpIY0Qc1XuMsrDQIw

AWS Lambda How Bad Is Java's Reflection For (Coldstart) Performance #slideless
https://youtu.be/HGnUCfYB6Pc&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_1nobQpIY0Qc1XuMsrDQIw

AWS Lambda Java (Corretto 11) vs. JavaScript #slideless
https://youtu.be/28Da0l0MFms&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_1nobQpIY0Qc1XuMsrDQIw

AWS Lambda on Java How Good  Bad Is The Cold Start #slideless
https://youtu.be/EXSZ5TFgUKU&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_1nobQpIY0Qc1XuMsrDQIw

Creating Reusable AWS CDK Java Constructs  Modules with Maven
https://youtu.be/WrS-qQjZ5xU&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_1nobQpIY0Qc1XuMsrDQIw

Deleted video
https://youtu.be/PZEzaaz3Tvo&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_1nobQpIY0Qc1XuMsrDQIw

Deploying Web Components to Amazon S3 #slideless
https://youtu.be/EtvyaUJjg_E&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_1nobQpIY0Qc1XuMsrDQIw

Emitting CloudWatch Metrics with Quarkus, AWS Lambda and Lambda Power Tools for Java #slideless
https://youtu.be/-8jPHzYrHsM&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_1nobQpIY0Qc1XuMsrDQIw

Fetching AWS Systems Manager's Configuration with Quarkus #slideless
https://youtu.be/VSoXO2iOmEU&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_1nobQpIY0Qc1XuMsrDQIw

Helidon on Graviton #slideless
https://youtu.be/qD_v6-WZVxw&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_1nobQpIY0Qc1XuMsrDQIw

Infrastructure as Java Code (IaJC) Setting AWS System Manager Parameter #slideless
https://youtu.be/eTG7EV1ThqQ&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_1nobQpIY0Qc1XuMsrDQIw

Java User Group (JUG) Stockholm Java EE Was Serverless--Now Comes Cloudy Quarkus #serverless
https://youtu.be/JsGuUiwU6vU&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_1nobQpIY0Qc1XuMsrDQIw

Live from 13th WDI Warsaw Fast and Productive Serverless Java in the Clouds
https://youtu.be/QmPw3fOAgf8&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_1nobQpIY0Qc1XuMsrDQIw

MicroProfile on Quarkus as AWS Lambda deployed with AWS CDK
https://youtu.be/NA0WjIgp4CQ&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_1nobQpIY0Qc1XuMsrDQIw

Performance Impression MicroProfile on Quarkus as AWS Lambda Fat Function #slideless
https://youtu.be/VSadpI-b1hU&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_1nobQpIY0Qc1XuMsrDQIw

Plain Java POJOs as AWS Lambdas #slideless
https://youtu.be/rHq514-1aHM&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_1nobQpIY0Qc1XuMsrDQIw

Pushing Java EE To Amazon ECS  ECR
https://youtu.be/KpPuGgMzReM&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_1nobQpIY0Qc1XuMsrDQIw

Serverless Java #slideless
https://youtu.be/_ey9hT1bTf8&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_1nobQpIY0Qc1XuMsrDQIw

Writing JSON Logs with Quarkus on AWS Lambda with Java's System.Logger #slideless #serverless
https://youtu.be/WJj9r0gOPOA&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_1nobQpIY0Qc1XuMsrDQIw
Amazon Web Services (AWS)