
Andrew Psaltis on Apache Beam
https://youtu.be/4-ca3nsbm7g

Artificial Intelligence and Java
https://youtu.be/vZfUdSA64Nk

Baruch Sadogursky on JFrog Xray
https://youtu.be/_0J4B7lfi9k

Chris Richardson on Microservices
https://youtu.be/7BHFRH8DoI0

Fastest (J)VM on the Planet!
https://youtu.be/yaWq20AFN9U

Gil Tene on Hardware Transactional Memory
https://youtu.be/Yx586xwd0dE

Inside H2O - A Clustered Computing Architecture
https://youtu.be/4WMs3cQyovg

Introduction to JCrete
https://youtu.be/9E4Dj85SkBE

Japan Java User Group with Sakata
https://youtu.be/idyP1ceTb6g

Java Champions Program
https://youtu.be/XeAJYe4QBog

Java EE with Hirofumi Iwasaki and Sebastian Daschner
https://youtu.be/HZz6_bDmv_E

Java Women in Japan
https://youtu.be/mJ-G_AYdJtQ

JCP.next with Heather VanCura
https://youtu.be/ZUjlKyhEPwM

JCrete Rock Band (Core the Band)
https://youtu.be/q2_rm1bBu_Y

JShell with Yoshida Shinya (@bitter_fox)
https://youtu.be/op6zZDypPg8

Mesos DCOS  Kubernetes
https://youtu.be/U3vhjwHbziM

Microservices with Shin Tanimoto
https://youtu.be/I45rROITRXk

Nagoya JUG - Intro
https://youtu.be/wpaCt_aIkPU

OAC Introduction by Dr. Zorbas
https://youtu.be/rshrkmuEv4M

Pepper Robot with Takashi Ito
https://youtu.be/0wjG9BR9RJM

Project Valhalla  Issues to improve in Java
https://youtu.be/wnqjYla62VU

Selling Dreams - Java 10 and beyond
https://youtu.be/Pel8YZlTtc8

Trisha Gee and Eva on Java 8 Patterns
https://youtu.be/h56YSsmhCtM

What to expect from Java 9
https://youtu.be/oq7nTwtN3js

Why JNI is slow
https://youtu.be/LoyBTqkSkZk
Videos 176-200