
Andrew Grangaard - Adventures in Failure Error handling culture across languages
https://youtu.be/VbObDEH-jKY&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Brian Duggan - Extending Perl 6 Command Line Argument Parsing using Metaprogramming
https://youtu.be/D16wa-gnFwE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Brian Gottreu - Playing With Music With Perl
https://youtu.be/ODvTsv-TsSg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Bruce Gray - Your Perl 5 Brain, on Perl 6
https://youtu.be/EUXclZ_d0DQ&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Curtis Ovid Poe - Modeling a Universe in Perl
https://youtu.be/AWy9bC8lBns&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Damian Conway - A Vim Environment For Perl Developers
https://youtu.be/oka4wcsrg0c&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

David Golden - Real World Optimization
https://youtu.be/_PJIVVGAZqA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

David Oswald - Spilling the @INC
https://youtu.be/4ZUFXHsjwDs&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Graham Knop - Continuous Integration for CPAN
https://youtu.be/YDmkw_G9BEg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Jay Hannah - Civic Hacking TIF is millions of YOUR tax dollars
https://youtu.be/Q2NKhVxPhxg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Joel Berger - Variables, Scoping, and Namespaces
https://youtu.be/-DWHROn2Tz0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Keynote by Sawyer X - Perl 5.26 and the Blue-Blue Shiny Ball of Eternal Transparency
https://youtu.be/SYmdef_WQsw&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by Curt Tilmes - LibCurl, The BEST web client for Perl 6
https://youtu.be/YNls6sM8qJA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by Dave Rolsky - Things I Released Recently-ish
https://youtu.be/DVKfBV2xngg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by David Golden - How I get to the â˜ž
https://youtu.be/vQ5qWey_SO4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by Lee Johnson - Emulating Any API (and some other topics
https://youtu.be/cNlMIa-YOnM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by R. Geoffrey Avery - sudo From a Folder For the Slightly Trusted User
https://youtu.be/RarVGKBar0A&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by Randal Schwartz - Why Google's Dart should be your next programming language
https://youtu.be/cDMMF_b7Kbs&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Lightning Talk by Zachary Zebrowski - Kite Photography with the Raspberry Pi & Perl
https://youtu.be/pQr8iNv4Ld4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Mark Prather - How to Automate Your Scrum Team
https://youtu.be/M33VZM_cjZ0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Matt S. Trout - ES6 Almost An Acceptable Perl5
https://youtu.be/OwCAFPKwAyE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Sawyer X - Pakket - An Unopinionated Meta-Packaging System
https://youtu.be/aiNRbQKX9iU&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Steven Lembark - Dockerizing CPAN Testers Running an Isolated Test Site
https://youtu.be/p6pf0OMn4Bs&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Thomas Sibley - Last mile software development writing modern software for bench scientists
https://youtu.be/Kdc9sj8P9Ys&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m

Walt Mankowski - Perl One-Liners
https://youtu.be/IGe0GnlIWq4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxdSVDA4v9Af3iutQxLI14m
Videos 1-25