
12 Ways of the Cloud Native Warrior - Burr Sutter - part 22
https://youtu.be/bujAAujYjJg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Best practices from agile development Why is positive thinking so important for ... - André Grunow
https://youtu.be/KMZe4D_YbUM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Closing - Grzegorz Duda
https://youtu.be/V2Ftto6p-_8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Cloud Native Application from Scratch - Kamil Hajduczenia
https://youtu.be/JfPYYPp7hok&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Developer’s Torment The Documentation - Jakub Marchwicki, Zbyszko Papierski
https://youtu.be/yjRUWqgxwL0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Fantastic Performance and where to find it -  Richard Warburton
https://youtu.be/OG0K1srtgIM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Future of Cloud Native Java is Native Java - Burr Sutter
https://youtu.be/gttvZXc79ZA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Harnessing Complex Event Processing for fraud detection - Daniel Żmuda
https://youtu.be/aT-WTmYqWG8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

How to save money on long-term support for Java 11 - Marcin Zajączkowski
https://youtu.be/CVnjCAX6hxo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Is writing performant code too expensive - Tomasz Kowalczewski
https://youtu.be/EpYr3T5VP6w&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Jak przekonać moją firmę żeby wysłała mnie na konferencję - Piotr Przybył
https://youtu.be/Tm-OFmY68fU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Java, Turbocharged - Marcus Biel
https://youtu.be/fi1JoW4RvG0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Kubernetes – DOs and DONTs - Michał Ambroziewicz
https://youtu.be/VqfFuVFBKsE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Let’s develop on Prod! Wait! What! - Bartosz Majsak
https://youtu.be/cI2DhbUpsds&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Machine Learning The Bare Math Behind Libraries - Piotr Czajka, Łukasz Gebel
https://youtu.be/r00XhjO3ha4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Ontrack, how to keep track of your CICD mess - Damien Coraboeuf
https://youtu.be/kYMEbkO31lo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Orchestrating Robot Swarms with Java - Matthew Cornford
https://youtu.be/8MCOOiwkTds&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Performance tuning Twitter services with Graal and Machine Learning - Chris Thalinger
https://youtu.be/3fSKcLM5nGw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Polygot Java EE on the GraalVM - Ryan Cuprak
https://youtu.be/aFFfzRs8-ZQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Serverless Java - Challenges and Triumphs - David Delabassée
https://youtu.be/FmDW7zKyWT8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Small things make huge impact at big scale - lessons learned from creating a ... - Jakub Kubal
https://youtu.be/jdxz094js_Q&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Stress Driven Development, and How to Avoid It - Dmitry Vinnik
https://youtu.be/dhGWZmUY5m4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Taking Serverless to the Next Level - Danilo Poccia
https://youtu.be/hpuCLKAyUv4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Why we should be scared of Shor's Algorithm right now - James Birnie
https://youtu.be/8EcLYB6VD4s&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Zmotywuj swój zespół - Anita Przybył
https://youtu.be/rMXZMKRow3M&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW
Videos 76-100