
Beau Butler Intro to flask-security
https://youtu.be/g0bZA9K2A84&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSVwxne3yOH79uaSqgbnCqL

Ben Shaw Python is slow, make it faster with C
https://youtu.be/tGLSKXfx0m0&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSVwxne3yOH79uaSqgbnCqL

Carl Cerecke goto in python. Yes. Really.
https://youtu.be/DdU8I09BGsU&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSVwxne3yOH79uaSqgbnCqL

Christopher Neugebauer Java for Python Developers
https://youtu.be/RfGldwLoiUk&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSVwxne3yOH79uaSqgbnCqL

Danny Adair The Full Monty - CI on OpenStack
https://youtu.be/265Sqo7cgbM&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSVwxne3yOH79uaSqgbnCqL

Douglas Bagnall Multimedia programming using Gstreamer and of course Python
https://youtu.be/YcSRqAJ06KM&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSVwxne3yOH79uaSqgbnCqL

Francesco Biscani A Snake in Space (Keynote)
https://youtu.be/9-PxGDp6R1Q&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSVwxne3yOH79uaSqgbnCqL

Francois Marier External dependencies in web apps system libs are not that scary
https://youtu.be/wfDhGAMPS1g&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSVwxne3yOH79uaSqgbnCqL

Grant Paton-Simpson  Ben Denham basil - Build a System Instant-Like
https://youtu.be/ynxQ3qF7LwY&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSVwxne3yOH79uaSqgbnCqL

Greig Roulston Find All the Books
https://youtu.be/VOEbhYxWimU&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSVwxne3yOH79uaSqgbnCqL

Holger Spill An introduction to Python and graph databases with Neo4j
https://youtu.be/ps5RtmWKwLY&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSVwxne3yOH79uaSqgbnCqL

James McPherson Why Python rocks Solaris
https://youtu.be/eakvNuYjwAk&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSVwxne3yOH79uaSqgbnCqL

Juergen Brendel Deploying test and production systems with Ansible
https://youtu.be/Dg5TSfLHW3Q&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSVwxne3yOH79uaSqgbnCqL

Katie Miller Cloud Craft for Spatial Cadets
https://youtu.be/YI9VNrXYIQM&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSVwxne3yOH79uaSqgbnCqL

Mike Haworth Surprise features you didnt ask for
https://youtu.be/1x0XS7jkwzs&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSVwxne3yOH79uaSqgbnCqL

Nick Coghlan Python Beyond (C)Python (Keynote)
https://youtu.be/H2ybMrFNku0&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSVwxne3yOH79uaSqgbnCqL

Reed Wade Bottle uWSGI simple web app configuration and fun hidden features
https://youtu.be/wGPGRW1wXdk&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSVwxne3yOH79uaSqgbnCqL

Robert Collins Semver and Python with PBR
https://youtu.be/6hjg-Uia5AU&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSVwxne3yOH79uaSqgbnCqL

Robert King Making a scalable course search engine with python
https://youtu.be/568mFzqsjqk&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSVwxne3yOH79uaSqgbnCqL

Ryan Kelly PyPy.js What How Why
https://youtu.be/pt-e-X_q-dk&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSVwxne3yOH79uaSqgbnCqL

Teijo Holzer Fixing Python
https://youtu.be/i7EZAfhIvCs&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSVwxne3yOH79uaSqgbnCqL

Thomi Richards A Testing Talk
https://youtu.be/Mydv_EOuezs&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSVwxne3yOH79uaSqgbnCqL

Tim Penhey Deploying a Django application using Juju
https://youtu.be/6hc8VkFeHjA&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSVwxne3yOH79uaSqgbnCqL

Tobi Wulff Control All Your Programs with MIDI Controllers
https://youtu.be/p2CsRZoatc8&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSVwxne3yOH79uaSqgbnCqL

Xuanyi Chew Exploring The Philosophy of Programming
https://youtu.be/hUP27HAtSOc&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSVwxne3yOH79uaSqgbnCqL
Videos 1-25