
Authentication and Authorization with Payara and MicroProfile JWT
https://youtu.be/ozQzsVxFfXU&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Building Microservices on OpenShift with Jenkins Pipelines
https://youtu.be/ImSuIoRcm-Y&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Code Shrinking Techniques with Jakarta EE and MicroProfile #slideless - Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/FKYetddHz1E&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Deploying a ThinWAR to OpenShift with Payara and S2I
https://youtu.be/_23CgD7bsUc&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Deploying and Configuring  a Payara Micro s2i ThinWAR to OpenShift
https://youtu.be/BdXcSgSDjAs&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Error Handling in Java Microservices  Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/lNHkayo1Kn8&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Implement a Dependency-Free Web Standard Web Component  Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/6poytG4ccLc&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Lightning fast builds and deployments with ThinWARs
https://youtu.be/_c8ZkSSpdWI&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Live-Coding No-Ceremony Microservices
https://youtu.be/qQtF-Ks0c5U&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

MicroProfile and ConfigMaps
https://youtu.be/uH94zBJYmpQ&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

MicroProfile OpenAPI with Swagger UI
https://youtu.be/OC0kuFRyEUQ&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

MicroProfile OpenTracing with Jaeger and Quarkus
https://youtu.be/iqHcTmqj-mo&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Microservices with WildFlyJBoss EAP application servers
https://youtu.be/cN-Y91Ykn6w&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Native JAX-RS  CDI Executables
https://youtu.be/yv74VpKM7co&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

QuarkEE --  quarkus.io quickstarter
https://youtu.be/2X1wGHyHvA4&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Quarkus vs. Wildfly - The RAM Perspective
https://youtu.be/euFOeb6Gabg&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

quarkus.io as ThinJAR on docker
https://youtu.be/JSSoGaspoKE&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Running microservices in containers
https://youtu.be/2PFL4JaCz2I&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Scaling JVM vs. Native--From Zero to 20 and Back
https://youtu.be/8dXRyPHo-Z4&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Scaling microservices with Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/9No8g90q9jA&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Securing JAX-RS Endpoint with JWT
https://youtu.be/twXqCoYQ16c&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Small and Simple Building a Java Microservice  Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/6EeRhRGJVjw&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Supersonic, Subatomic CDI and JAX-RS with quarkus.io
https://youtu.be/G0sQFy_5xQc&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Testclient for OpenAPI
https://youtu.be/CP1TWkB_cjY&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

The Lightweight Stuff #slideless
https://youtu.be/dNpUF1OZQGM&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B
Videos 26-50