
2021-05-12 Trait Evaluation Caching (PR #85186)
https://youtu.be/_tG2E9KVy5o&list=PL85XCvVPmGQhOL-J2Ng7qlPvDVOwYpGTN

async-await implementation plans (2019.02.26)
https://youtu.be/xe2_whJWBC0&list=PL85XCvVPmGQhOL-J2Ng7qlPvDVOwYpGTN

Async-Await WG Niko + Taylor discuss region inferencer
https://youtu.be/hlOxfkUDLPQ&list=PL85XCvVPmGQhOL-J2Ng7qlPvDVOwYpGTN

blitzerr closure upvar tys
https://youtu.be/pLmVhSB-z4s&list=PL85XCvVPmGQhOL-J2Ng7qlPvDVOwYpGTN

closures and upvar capture (blitzerr, 2018-10-30)
https://youtu.be/fMopdkn5-Xw&list=PL85XCvVPmGQhOL-J2Ng7qlPvDVOwYpGTN

Coherence in Chalk by Sunjay Varma - Bay Area Rust Meetup
https://youtu.be/rZqS4bLPL24&list=PL85XCvVPmGQhOL-J2Ng7qlPvDVOwYpGTN

Convert Closure Upvar Representation to Tuples with @blitzerr
https://youtu.be/2QCuNtISoYc&list=PL85XCvVPmGQhOL-J2Ng7qlPvDVOwYpGTN

Cranelift
https://youtu.be/9OIA7DTFQWU&list=PL85XCvVPmGQhOL-J2Ng7qlPvDVOwYpGTN

How Salsa Works (2019.01)
https://youtu.be/_muY4HjSqVw&list=PL85XCvVPmGQhOL-J2Ng7qlPvDVOwYpGTN

How the chalk-engine crate works
https://youtu.be/Ny2928cGDoM&list=PL85XCvVPmGQhOL-J2Ng7qlPvDVOwYpGTN

oli-obk on miri and constant evaluation
https://youtu.be/5Pm2C1YXrvM&list=PL85XCvVPmGQhOL-J2Ng7qlPvDVOwYpGTN

Petrochenkov reviews the name resolution code
https://youtu.be/Y1hvNWUbSDk&list=PL85XCvVPmGQhOL-J2Ng7qlPvDVOwYpGTN

Polonius WG Initialization and move tracking
https://youtu.be/ilv9V-328HI&list=PL85XCvVPmGQhOL-J2Ng7qlPvDVOwYpGTN

Polonius-rustc walkthrough
https://youtu.be/i5KdU0ieb_A&list=PL85XCvVPmGQhOL-J2Ng7qlPvDVOwYpGTN

Representing types in rustc
https://youtu.be/c01TsOsr3-c&list=PL85XCvVPmGQhOL-J2Ng7qlPvDVOwYpGTN

RFC #2229 Disjoint Field Capture Plan
https://youtu.be/UTXOptVMuIc&list=PL85XCvVPmGQhOL-J2Ng7qlPvDVOwYpGTN

RLS 2.0, Salsa, and Name Resolution
https://youtu.be/Xr-rBqLr-G4&list=PL85XCvVPmGQhOL-J2Ng7qlPvDVOwYpGTN

Rust analyzer guide
https://youtu.be/ANKBNiSWyfc&list=PL85XCvVPmGQhOL-J2Ng7qlPvDVOwYpGTN

rust analyzer syntax trees
https://youtu.be/DGAuLWdCCAI&list=PL85XCvVPmGQhOL-J2Ng7qlPvDVOwYpGTN

rust-analyzer type-checker overview by flodiebold
https://youtu.be/Lmp3P9WNL8o&list=PL85XCvVPmGQhOL-J2Ng7qlPvDVOwYpGTN

rustc-chalk integration overview
https://youtu.be/MBWtbDifPeU&list=PL85XCvVPmGQhOL-J2Ng7qlPvDVOwYpGTN

Salsa In More Depth (2019.01)
https://youtu.be/i_IhACacPRY&list=PL85XCvVPmGQhOL-J2Ng7qlPvDVOwYpGTN

Tom Tromey discusses debugging support in rustc
https://youtu.be/elBxMRSNYr4&list=PL85XCvVPmGQhOL-J2Ng7qlPvDVOwYpGTN

Universes and Lifetimes
https://youtu.be/iV1Z0xYXkck&list=PL85XCvVPmGQhOL-J2Ng7qlPvDVOwYpGTN
rustc lecture series