
Agile is a Dirty Word by James Birnie
https://youtu.be/dgvERPrujJ0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Antora Documentation Sites for Software Teams by Dan Allen
https://youtu.be/BAJ8F7yQz64&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Anyone can build a bank creating a new banking backend by Vlad Yatsenko
https://youtu.be/FLS7NP8YMUQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Building a 12-factor microservice on stage by Emily Jiang
https://youtu.be/Ov3BbGl2iyQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Busy Developer's Guide to Go by Ted Neward
https://youtu.be/GtQaDKbRbEg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Cloud-native Microservices with Micronaut by Iván López
https://youtu.be/XMJAGlfA340&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Data and the Environment @ Port Of Rotterdam by Peter Van Der Meer
https://youtu.be/vuEOGtl6vJk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Deep Learning like a Viking Building Convolutional Neural Networks with Keras by Guy Royse
https://youtu.be/BZS0hYDEQnk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Diving into advanced Kotlin features by Simon Wirtz
https://youtu.be/zmqhe7fDEHI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Fast Kubernetes development with Telepresence.io by Cesar Tron-Lozai
https://youtu.be/75soljoqhjY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

How do I do this ‘diversity thing’ by Ewa Magiera
https://youtu.be/heVrApRevGA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

How to get along with HATEOAS without letting the bad guys steal your lunch
https://youtu.be/IL2PlsbvUDs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Interoperability enables the next wave of intelligent service-rich applications by Jon Payne
https://youtu.be/9TxXV0F02lU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Introducing Knative Build, Deploy, and Manage Serverless Workloads on Kubernetes by David Currie
https://youtu.be/AIDKDLxiCdk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Micro Frontend the microservice puzzle extended to frontend by Audrey Neveu
https://youtu.be/DczecISRKVU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Performance tuning Twitter services with Graal and Machine Learning by Chris Thalinger
https://youtu.be/Lc_8jF9uYRs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Quarkus and GraalVM booting Hibernate at supersonic speed, subatomic size by Sanne Grinovero
https://youtu.be/za5CSBX-UME&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Quickly Analysing A Heap Memory Leak by Jack Shirazi
https://youtu.be/JoQN4xoXY5Y&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Reacting to the future of application architecture by Grace Jansen
https://youtu.be/bq42M9X9GiE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Refactoring a large and complex Java application to Kotlin by Irwan Syahrir
https://youtu.be/_MaQsEaqvlo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Should Shor's Algorithm Scare Me by James Birnie
https://youtu.be/DR-_u-VpQmA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Signals from the deep web - Making sense of ephemeral and anonymous content by Ylli Prifti
https://youtu.be/mO5z61u6P2w&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Streams vs Serverless Friend or Foe by Ben Stopford
https://youtu.be/7bHfrE3wsP8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

The power of admitting we don't know... yet by Nathan Murados
https://youtu.be/NEUcvA5A-kE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Untangling the mysteries of qubits by Roy van Rijn
https://youtu.be/RMeWqXdBHIg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU
Videos 76-100