
Aaron Bassett - Hello to the World in 8 Web Frameworks micro, batteries included & async
https://youtu.be/Z_2eRy8XBRQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Alejandro Saucedo - Industrial Machine Learning Pipelines with Python & Airflow
https://youtu.be/3JYDT8lap5U&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Alexander Hendorf - Deep Learning with PyTorch for Fun and Profit
https://youtu.be/_uNgNhdIB7U&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Alexys Jacob - The rise of Python in the data communities
https://youtu.be/6rCFwjV0J-4&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Anton Caceres - Python and Web Sockets
https://youtu.be/6oQuQ5coSQ0&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Bernat Gabor - Standardize Testing in Python
https://youtu.be/SFqna5ilqig&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Francisco Javier Aceituno Lapido - Developing in a black hole vim, tmux, httpie and jq
https://youtu.be/7LahjY_poio&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Guillaume Gelin - PEP 557 versus the world
https://youtu.be/eJsu-7hFXyA&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Heidi Thorpe - May the Fuzz be with you
https://youtu.be/CWShNYqATkY&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Ivaylo Donchev - Django queries optimization
https://youtu.be/qDyxmgWkjvI&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

James Saryerwinnie - Debugging Your Code with Data Visualization
https://youtu.be/qx7cumg6EEE&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Jose Manuel Ortega - Microservices and Serverless in Python projects
https://youtu.be/CoIMfOeREdY&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Konstantin Ignatov - Succinct data structures for python
https://youtu.be/EVP_xLILirs&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Lynn Root - asyncio in Practice We Did It Wrong
https://youtu.be/1lJDZx6f6tY&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Mario Corchero - Mocks, dummies, stubs & spies
https://youtu.be/1xysL9Bk8m8&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Mark Shannon - Is your code tainted Finding security vulnerabilities using taint tracking
https://youtu.be/VQkFhrXvRbw&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Martin Angelov - Proper Django Testing
https://youtu.be/bHYw0LY9yWE&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Nina Zakharenko - Code Review Skills for Pythonistas
https://youtu.be/6L3ZVLtSeo8&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Pascal van Kooten - When to use Machine Learning Tips, Tricks and Warnings
https://youtu.be/JN6RAaufFzU&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Sarah Bird - The Web is Terrifying! Using the PyData stack to spy on the spies
https://youtu.be/3zWHdyrGlDc&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Stephan Jaensch - Type annotations with larger codebases
https://youtu.be/pWnETtscNS0&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Steve Barnes - Why develop a CLI Command Line Interface first
https://youtu.be/7qLNrcYkQiY&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Thomas Aglassinger - Introduction to sentiment analysis with spaCy 1
https://youtu.be/LvlUBxi_JEg&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Windel Bouwman - A Python implementation in Rust
https://youtu.be/YMmio0JHy_Y&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

ZÌŒan Anderle - JavaScript for Python Developers
https://youtu.be/7U9hdxRu5DM&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5
Videos 51-75