
10. How to program in C# - CLASSES - Beginner Tutorial
https://youtu.be/s2hHjpZaSyI&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

11. How to make a 2D Platformer - PLAYER HEALTH - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/eSLx1-iA9RM&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

12. How to make a 2D Platformer - RESPAWNING - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/WFO1GUKYARQ&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

13. How to make a 2D Platformer - RESPAWN EFFECT - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/Q2tCgkn6-gY&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

14. 2D Platformer - ENEMY AI 13 - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/4T7KHysRw84&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

14. 2D Platformer - ENEMY AI 23 - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/ysszoiiCXKQ&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

14. 2D Platformer - ENEMY AI 33 - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/3PS1U3lFl3M&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

15. How to make a 2D Platformer - ENEMIES - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/eVbfgSt7hAQ&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

15. Unity Tutorial, MAIN MENU - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/1z5aAK0rN-4&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

16. How to make a 2D Platformer - UNITY 5 - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/VgST0U3R4ME&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

16. Unity Tutorial, MAIN MENU - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/JIlKuZffmwE&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

17. How to make a 2D Platformer - SHOOTING GFX - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/UGHdH6OzSjU&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

17. Unity Tutorial, CHECK POINTS - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/1H_E-GsoNe4&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

18. How to make a 2D Platformer - CAMERA SHAKE - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/Y8nOgEpnnXo&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

18. Unity Tutorial, ENEMIES - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/-igoV67B5h8&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

19. Unity Tutorial, ENEMIES V2 - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/Lah76V16cGI&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

20. Unity Tutorial, UNITY 5 - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/beQRckZuYbA&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

21. Unity Tutorial, ENEMY GFX - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/ZiZVToDaQ0w&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

6. How to program in C# - FOR LOOPS - Beginner Tutorial
https://youtu.be/eIsGXwisKPE&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

7. How to program in C# - WHILE LOOPS - Beginner Tutorial
https://youtu.be/SPE_HXHwJSU&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

8. How to program in C# - METHODS - Beginner Tutorial
https://youtu.be/QwygwfqOHsI&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

9. How to program in C# - ARRAYS - Beginner Tutorial
https://youtu.be/RQ0JHMGiobo&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Get up to speed with Unity 5 - Tutorial
https://youtu.be/6eVfcEYxBPg&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

How to setup Visual Studio with Unity - Tutorial
https://youtu.be/2PVPz8Pnnrw&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

UPA Toolkit - Pixel Art Editor for Unity! (FREE)
https://youtu.be/sVbbT0sIqsI&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA
Videos 326-350