
2D Camera in Unity (Cinemachine Tutorial)
https://youtu.be/2jTY11Am0Ig&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR5QFsefuO2RlAgWEz6EvVi6

2D Lights in Unity!
https://youtu.be/nkgGyO9VG54&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR5QFsefuO2RlAgWEz6EvVi6

2D Movement in Unity (Tutorial)
https://youtu.be/dwcT-Dch0bA&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR5QFsefuO2RlAgWEz6EvVi6

2D Shooting in Unity (Tutorial)
https://youtu.be/wkKsl1Mfp5M&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR5QFsefuO2RlAgWEz6EvVi6

ANIMATE 2D CHARACTERS in Unity
https://youtu.be/eXIuizGzY2A&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR5QFsefuO2RlAgWEz6EvVi6

Basics of Shader Graph - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/Ar9eIn4z6XE&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR5QFsefuO2RlAgWEz6EvVi6

CONTROLLER INPUT in Unity!
https://youtu.be/p-3S73MaDP8&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR5QFsefuO2RlAgWEz6EvVi6

FIRE AND SMOKE with Unity VFX Graph!
https://youtu.be/R6D1b7zZHHA&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR5QFsefuO2RlAgWEz6EvVi6

HOLOGRAM using Unity Shader Graph
https://youtu.be/KGGB5LFEejg&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR5QFsefuO2RlAgWEz6EvVi6

How to get GOOD GRAPHICS - Upgrading to HDRP
https://youtu.be/12gkcdLc77s&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR5QFsefuO2RlAgWEz6EvVi6

How to make a 2D Game in Unity
https://youtu.be/on9nwbZngyw&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR5QFsefuO2RlAgWEz6EvVi6

MAKE GAMES WITHOUT CODE! - Unity 3D Game Kit
https://youtu.be/qsU4nM0L_n0&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR5QFsefuO2RlAgWEz6EvVi6

MAKE ORGANIC LEVELS!! Unity Sprite Shape
https://youtu.be/GSo_fU1JdfM&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR5QFsefuO2RlAgWEz6EvVi6

MILLIONS OF PARTICLES! - Unity VFX Graph
https://youtu.be/FvZNVQuLDjI&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR5QFsefuO2RlAgWEz6EvVi6

MODELING IN UNITY! - ProBuilder Tutorial
https://youtu.be/PUSOg5YEflM&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR5QFsefuO2RlAgWEz6EvVi6

NEW INPUT SYSTEM in Unity
https://youtu.be/Pzd8NhcRzVo&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR5QFsefuO2RlAgWEz6EvVi6

NEW PREFAB WORKFLOWS! - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/6_gAiPPKyUg&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR5QFsefuO2RlAgWEz6EvVi6

QUESTING SYSTEM in Unity!
https://youtu.be/e7VEe_qW4oE&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR5QFsefuO2RlAgWEz6EvVi6

SCULPT, PAINT & TEXTURE in Unity
https://youtu.be/JWAnQiN9Zkw&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR5QFsefuO2RlAgWEz6EvVi6

SIMPLE CARTOON WATER in Unity
https://youtu.be/Vg0L9aCRWPE&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR5QFsefuO2RlAgWEz6EvVi6

SNOW in Unity - SHADER GRAPH
https://youtu.be/IC9g5hlfV6o&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR5QFsefuO2RlAgWEz6EvVi6

THIS TOOL IS AWESOME - ProGrids Tutorial
https://youtu.be/UtNvtIrJcNc&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR5QFsefuO2RlAgWEz6EvVi6

Unity NavMesh Tutorial - Animated Character
https://youtu.be/blPglabGueM&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR5QFsefuO2RlAgWEz6EvVi6

Unity NavMesh Tutorial - Basics
https://youtu.be/CHV1ymlw-P8&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR5QFsefuO2RlAgWEz6EvVi6
Videos 26-50