
C++ Weekly - Ep 125 - The Optimal Way To Return From A Function
https://youtu.be/9mWWNYRHAIQ&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSY_Awyliwm-fRjEOa-SRbs-

C++ Weekly - Ep 132 - Lambdas In Fold Expressions
https://youtu.be/QhY7Fx-YsGs&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSY_Awyliwm-fRjEOa-SRbs-

C++ Weekly - Ep 133 - What Exactly IS A Lambda Anyhow
https://youtu.be/br4tez2G9eM&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSY_Awyliwm-fRjEOa-SRbs-

C++ Weekly - Ep 134 - The Best Possible Way To Create A Visitor
https://youtu.be/EsUmnLgz8QY&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSY_Awyliwm-fRjEOa-SRbs-

C++ Weekly - Ep 150 - C++20's Lambdas For Resource Management
https://youtu.be/XhxV1NP5RGs&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSY_Awyliwm-fRjEOa-SRbs-

C++ Weekly - Ep 152 - Lambdas The Key To Understanding C++
https://youtu.be/CjExHyCVRYg&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSY_Awyliwm-fRjEOa-SRbs-

C++ Weekly - Ep 184 - What Are Higher Order Functions
https://youtu.be/NoIJoL3cIJ4&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSY_Awyliwm-fRjEOa-SRbs-

C++ Weekly - Ep 200 - Christmas Class 2019 - Chapter 1 of 5 - Understanding Lambdas
https://youtu.be/3hGSlUGEXtA&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSY_Awyliwm-fRjEOa-SRbs-

C++ Weekly - Ep 201 - Christmas Class 2019 - Chapter 2 of 5 - Building On Lambdas
https://youtu.be/DolVujl_EUw&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSY_Awyliwm-fRjEOa-SRbs-

C++ Weekly - Ep 202 - Christmas Class 2019 - Chapter 3 of 5 - Utilizing Lambdas
https://youtu.be/VEqOOKU8RjQ&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSY_Awyliwm-fRjEOa-SRbs-

C++ Weekly - Ep 203 - Christmas Class 2019 - Chapter 4 of 5 - The Evolution of Lambdas
https://youtu.be/tpGPVrTudLA&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSY_Awyliwm-fRjEOa-SRbs-

C++ Weekly - Ep 25 C++17's Aggregate Initializations
https://youtu.be/qMqWoT016cA&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSY_Awyliwm-fRjEOa-SRbs-

C++ Weekly - Ep 32 - Lambdas For Free
https://youtu.be/_CbBfuQQQI8&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSY_Awyliwm-fRjEOa-SRbs-

C++ Weekly - Ep 37 - Stateful Lambdas
https://youtu.be/_1X9D8Z5huA&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSY_Awyliwm-fRjEOa-SRbs-

C++ Weekly - Ep 40 - Inheriting From Lambdas
https://youtu.be/W-xTpqj31mI&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSY_Awyliwm-fRjEOa-SRbs-

C++ Weekly - Ep 41 - C++17's constexpr Lambda Support
https://youtu.be/kmza9U_niq4&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSY_Awyliwm-fRjEOa-SRbs-

C++ Weekly - Ep 48 - C++17's Variadic `using`
https://youtu.be/1gNzhE-Tn40&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSY_Awyliwm-fRjEOa-SRbs-

C++ Weekly - Ep 49 - Why Inherit From Lambdas
https://youtu.be/3wm5QzdddYc&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSY_Awyliwm-fRjEOa-SRbs-

C++ Weekly - Ep 51 - Advanced Stateful Lambdas
https://youtu.be/GeLp4F-Svc8&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSY_Awyliwm-fRjEOa-SRbs-

C++ Weekly - Ep 61 - Storage Duration with Lambdas
https://youtu.be/WUvF4W98vq4&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSY_Awyliwm-fRjEOa-SRbs-

C++ Weekly - Ep 93 - Custom Comparators for Containers
https://youtu.be/sbiF1HDcG7U&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSY_Awyliwm-fRjEOa-SRbs-

C++ Weekly - Ep 94 - Lambdas as Comparators
https://youtu.be/dvLKY-oWqn0&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSY_Awyliwm-fRjEOa-SRbs-

C++ Weekly - Ep 95 - Transparent Comparators
https://youtu.be/BBUacofxOP8&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSY_Awyliwm-fRjEOa-SRbs-

C++ Weekly - Ep 96 - Transparent Lambda Comparators
https://youtu.be/P6_6bXPGYy8&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSY_Awyliwm-fRjEOa-SRbs-

C++ Weekly - Ep 97 - Lambda To Function Pointer Conversion
https://youtu.be/Cmk0Tlo1eCA&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSY_Awyliwm-fRjEOa-SRbs-
Videos 1-25