
1. How to make a 2D Platformer - Basics - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/UbPiCgCkHTE&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

10 Hour Games Highlights Montage
https://youtu.be/Yv5Xewje_jY&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

10 Hour Games Official Launch
https://youtu.be/TgGOkfnwNjI&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

10. How to make a 2D Platformer - MUZZLE FLASH - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/VoREM_uHP7Q&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

13. Unity Tutorial, Music Manager - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/yicdpF5YnTo&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

14. Unity Tutorial, PHYSICS - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/unfJfs_ok-Q&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

2. How to make a 2D Platformer - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/zwNGjS_1Lxk&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

3. How to make a 2D Platformer - Parallax Scrolling - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/5E5_Fquw7BM&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

3. How to program in C# - VARIABLES - Beginner Tutorial
https://youtu.be/udoMi4mGYYw&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

4. How to program in C# - IF STATEMENTS - Beginner Tutorial
https://youtu.be/OXTK7cnphYY&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

4A. How to make a 2D Platformer - Tiling - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/CwGjwnjmg2w&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

4B. How to make a 2D Platformer - Tiling - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/77zdOaUGguc&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

5. How to make a 2D Platformer - CHARACTER - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/m-J5sCRipA0&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

6. How to make a 2D Platformer - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/tDIH8lu5BdQ&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

7. How to make a 2D Game - Unity 4.3 Tutorial
https://youtu.be/otwIprn_wpg&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

7. How to make a 2D Platformer - ANIMATION - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/FRMy5B3dD_I&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

8. How to make a 2D Game - Unity 4.3 Tutorial
https://youtu.be/0xOcWG4PQdY&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

8B. How to make a 2D Platformer - SHOOTING - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/4ivFemmpYus&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

9. How to make a 2D Platformer - BULLET TRAIL - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/1KdS0QzyhCg&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Content Scrolling - Unity 4.6 Tutorial
https://youtu.be/MWOvwegLDl0&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Deleted video
https://youtu.be/OFhGg1oW4Hs&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

How to Fade Between Scenes in Unity
https://youtu.be/0HwZQt94uHQ&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

How to make a 2D Game - Promo
https://youtu.be/9h-z0AyG42k&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Slider Events - Change things with sliders - Unity 4.6 Tutorial
https://youtu.be/HQ8Tttcksu4&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

UI Introduction - Simple Menu - Unity 4.6 Tutorial
https://youtu.be/rsZM3q74Q2k&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA
Videos 351-375