
RubyConf AU 2013 bundle install Y U SO SLOW Server Edition by Terrence Lee
https://youtu.be/AZYsvDTqmvA&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc27yAJT75euaS_Xg-vVmuMF

RubyConf AU 2013 Closing Keynote by Dave Thomas
https://youtu.be/ca_UEQlf6LM&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc27yAJT75euaS_Xg-vVmuMF

RubyConf AU 2013 Dear God What Am I Doing Concurrency and Parallel Processing by Adam Hawkins
https://youtu.be/C4dB2rrZdFM&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc27yAJT75euaS_Xg-vVmuMF

RubyConf AU 2013 Down the rb_newobj() Rabbit Hole Garbage Collection in Ruby by Chris Kelly
https://youtu.be/o9El1zJ0Gmk&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc27yAJT75euaS_Xg-vVmuMF

RubyConf AU 2013 From Stubbies to Longnecks by Geoffrey Giesemann
https://youtu.be/fQRd-0ukAEM&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc27yAJT75euaS_Xg-vVmuMF

RubyConf AU 2013 Hacking With Gems by Benjamin Smith
https://youtu.be/DKKyGAeNEPw&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc27yAJT75euaS_Xg-vVmuMF

RubyConf AU 2013 High Performance Ruby by Charles Nutter
https://youtu.be/3Fm-n_Vr7e4&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc27yAJT75euaS_Xg-vVmuMF

RubyConf AU 2013 Immutable Ruby by Michael Fairley
https://youtu.be/a1XZ1fhPiV0&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc27yAJT75euaS_Xg-vVmuMF

RubyConf AU 2013 Keith and Mario’s Guide to Fast Websites by Keith Pitt & Mario Visic
https://youtu.be/d3e5zaiBR-c&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc27yAJT75euaS_Xg-vVmuMF

RubyConf AU 2013 Keynote by Mikel Lindsaar
https://youtu.be/Wr_Aqwhvqc8&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc27yAJT75euaS_Xg-vVmuMF

RubyConf AU 2013 Lessons from the Masters by Geoffrey Grosenbach
https://youtu.be/vzjARuXpFZY&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc27yAJT75euaS_Xg-vVmuMF

RubyConf AU 2013 Lightning Talks
https://youtu.be/PVUErJVkM2k&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc27yAJT75euaS_Xg-vVmuMF

RubyConf AU 2013 Millions of Apps What we’ve Learned by Richard Schneeman
https://youtu.be/fFOl-oiugZk&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc27yAJT75euaS_Xg-vVmuMF

RubyConf AU 2013 Off the Tracks - Challenging the Rails Mindset by Nick Sutterer
https://youtu.be/Xj24IuwjW-0&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc27yAJT75euaS_Xg-vVmuMF

RubyConf AU 2013 Opening Keynote by Corey Haines
https://youtu.be/UJ_6NZ6UX18&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc27yAJT75euaS_Xg-vVmuMF

RubyConf AU 2013 Refactoring from Good to Great - A Live-Coding Odyssey by Ben Orenstein
https://youtu.be/AfK_Iyr07Ho&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc27yAJT75euaS_Xg-vVmuMF

RubyConf AU 2013 Schemas for the Real World by Carina C. Zona
https://youtu.be/NxAyZ8Z3vsI&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc27yAJT75euaS_Xg-vVmuMF

RubyConf AU 2013 Sinatra in SIX lines - How to do crazy stuff with Ruby by Konstantin Haase
https://youtu.be/2CUijbZH2bs&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc27yAJT75euaS_Xg-vVmuMF

RubyConf AU 2013 State of the Ruby by Ben Hoskings
https://youtu.be/a3aOltpjAGw&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc27yAJT75euaS_Xg-vVmuMF

RubyConf AU 2013 Teaching Ruby for fun and profit by Renée De Voursney
https://youtu.be/wD-8mIpyBb8&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc27yAJT75euaS_Xg-vVmuMF

RubyConf AU 2013 The C Word by Pat Allan
https://youtu.be/qX0e4kf_G7s&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc27yAJT75euaS_Xg-vVmuMF

RubyConf AU 2013 The Setup Managing an Army of Laptops with Puppet by Will Farrington
https://youtu.be/3d0Uez2N4Hc&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc27yAJT75euaS_Xg-vVmuMF

RubyConf AU 2013 Uptime == Money High Availability at Braintree by Paul Gross
https://youtu.be/mBmAlqaapcc&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc27yAJT75euaS_Xg-vVmuMF

RubyConf AU 2013 Using Ruby for iOS development (RubyMotion) by Amit Kumar
https://youtu.be/-xgh0p4DpDw&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc27yAJT75euaS_Xg-vVmuMF

RubyConf AU 2013 Web scale for the rest of us by John Barton
https://youtu.be/7y2JeLtRCRs&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc27yAJT75euaS_Xg-vVmuMF
Videos 1-25