
Python Basics Absolute Value
https://youtu.be/p8NujOxHTPM&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Command Line Start up
https://youtu.be/nIsUPFQcN6o&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Dictionary pt  2
https://youtu.be/tDySJkWtrUQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Dictionary pt  3
https://youtu.be/RDUZo9RzSQs&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Dictionary
https://youtu.be/n-qDYceBRd0&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Enumerate
https://youtu.be/rad-aalG6mw&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Evaluate function
https://youtu.be/DYavDSoPYvw&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Functions with multiple arguments and defaults
https://youtu.be/FLv9b0uBX6E&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Guessing Game pt  2
https://youtu.be/QXAA5kNvvEo&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Guessing Game
https://youtu.be/0ZmbhprSOXs&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics import
https://youtu.be/33OdZq9XdUg&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Infinite String Input with Strip and Split Methods
https://youtu.be/_9ziJDtIXNM&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Max and Min Functions
https://youtu.be/PEit8L0Nhx0&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Number Pyramid
https://youtu.be/1j-ae5zEHdQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Reverse Number Triangle Formated
https://youtu.be/4YzOAfAkDKE&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics String Method Count
https://youtu.be/hd0leB4mGNs&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics String Module
https://youtu.be/QEj87cl9lg8&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics String Value Unicode
https://youtu.be/goyOGo_kop8&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics String Value Using a Dictionary
https://youtu.be/UPpz08tKINA&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Sum
https://youtu.be/2p25fKLHQJk&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Thank You
https://youtu.be/CsL3HPctIUs&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Tuple
https://youtu.be/omFyVqBWfVg&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Unicode
https://youtu.be/C3rhSDpI9I8&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Zip A Dictionary
https://youtu.be/rBZztwzvkys&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Zip
https://youtu.be/YgRZZFJOrks&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f
Videos 51-75