
Alejandro Saucedo - The state of Machine Learning Operations in 2019
https://youtu.be/5ck1wObN65c&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Athina Frantzana  - Are women underrepresented in the High Performance Computing (HPC) community
https://youtu.be/QxGHvF8BVYQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Christian Barra - How software can feed the world üå±
https://youtu.be/QOHBbv2n_hw&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Dom Weldon - Dash Interactive Data Visualization Web Apps with no Javascript
https://youtu.be/mMzFhGXGrVc&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

EuroPython 2019 - Lightning talks on Wednesday, July 10
https://youtu.be/xmr39hMI_9s&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Florian Wahl - Building Industry 4.0 logistics applications with MicroPython and ESP32 MCUs
https://youtu.be/atmdimiU9Jc&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Gael Varoquaux - Machine learning on non curated data
https://youtu.be/dw5u4nth6_M&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Hubert Bry≈Çkowski - Natural language processing with neural networks.
https://youtu.be/F2LajzvSX18&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Lilian Nandi anonymous - Teaching Programming to the Next Generation
https://youtu.be/nxuVLBW-C1g&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Maria Molina-Contreras - ‚ÄúWhen a biologist met Python‚Äù
https://youtu.be/01wVpwu4sV4&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Max B√©langer - How to ship a Python app to a hundred million desktops
https://youtu.be/BS2_DrN0pw4&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Mustafa Anil Tuncel - Bioinformatics pipeline for revealing tumour heterogeneity
https://youtu.be/i0BlJpDQW_U&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Paolo Galeone - Dissecting tf.function to discover AutoGraph strengths and subtleties
https://youtu.be/JCpuRWB5BvU&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Petr Stehl√≠k - The dos and don'ts of task queues
https://youtu.be/gV01ZPxWuZg&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Rogier van der Geer - How to train an image classifier using PyTorch
https://youtu.be/eDRck258bnw&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Sebastian Roll - The Dangers of Outsourcing Software Development
https://youtu.be/fuAtAGPp2DM&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Shailen Sobhee - Supercharge your Deep Learning algorithms with optimized software
https://youtu.be/OIyFQXg_uIU&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Stephan Jaensch - Testing Microservices fast and with confidence
https://youtu.be/5NV5QWMGzcc&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Tom Forbes - Writing a Python autoreloader
https://youtu.be/IghyoR6ld60&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Tyler Brough - Using Python to Teach Computational Finance
https://youtu.be/u3vRpKodgiU&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Vita Smid - Static typing beyond the basics of def foo(x int) -str
https://youtu.be/UQo-ebJk4a4&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Yenny Cheung  - Why You Should Pursue Public Speaking and How to Get There
https://youtu.be/a5WIMg5sunw&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW
Videos 26-50