
A shark-deterrent wetsuit (and it's not what you think)  Hamish Jolly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCIL2nvU4x8&list=

Afra Raymond Three myths about corruption
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yq3TQoMjXTw&list=

Alex Wissner-Gross A new equation for intelligence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ue2ZEmTJ_Xo&list=

Amos Winter The cheap all-terrain wheelchair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6qTwqiHnAM&list=

Angela Patton A father-daughter dance ... in prison
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MNhCvM5pjfs&list=

Anne Curzan What makes a word real
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6NU0DMjv0Y&list=

Antonio Donato Nobre The magic of the Amazon A river that flows invisibly all around us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CIesJyZUWTY&list=

Ash Beckham We're all hiding something. Let's find the courage to open up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uq83lU6nuS8&list=

Astronomical medicine  Michelle Borkin  TEDxBoston
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kU7veyGGps4&list=

Be suspicious of stories  Tyler Cowen  TEDxMidAtlantic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RoEEDKwzNBw&list=

Beautiful artificial limbs Scott Summit at TEDxCambridge 2011
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fir5HI0Gwrc&list=

Becoming the story Giles Duley at TEDxObserver
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxxoOJVedlQ&list=

Bobby Ghosh Why global jihad is losing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeVt_WlH1qY&list=

Boghuma Kabisen Titanji Ethical riddles in HIV research
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FcecqQkyKoM&list=

Bruno Maisonnier Dance, tiny robots!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ww9ClmCWBr0&list=

Chris Domas The 1s and 0s behind cyber warfare
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cWpRxyqDgpM&list=

Colin Grant The son of a difficult father
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=05jJodDVJRQ&list=

Colin Powell Kids need structure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NhYnouvrG_8&list=

Creating the common good by habit Nate Garvis at TEDxTC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaT4RGhB9ac&list=

Cutting edge biofuels  Bilal Bomani  TEDxNASA@SiliconValley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCOc31fQi7A&list=

Dan Pacholke How prisons can help inmates live meaningful lives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GB6fO0Tylvs&list=

Dance your PhD  John Bohannon & Black Label Movement  TEDxBrussels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UlDWRZ7IYqw&list=

Dare to Educate Afghan Girls  Shabana Basij-Rasikh  TED Talks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ka70-Hb1wFE&list=

David Anderson Your brain is more than a bag of chemicals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9xJl4S6NsM&list=

David Puttnam What happens when the media's priority is profit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Br1AIvMrvAE&list=

Deaf in the military [Subtitled]  Keith Nolan  TEDxIslay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtKTcPq7XBs&list=

Deep sea diving ... in a wheelchair  Sue Austin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCWIGN3181U&list=

Depression, the secret we share  Andrew Solomon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-eBUcBfkVCo&list=

Derek Paravicini and Adam Ockelford In the key of genius
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMBdQW2LLxw&list=

Does money make you mean  Paul Piff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJ8Kq1wucsk&list=

Edi Rama Take back your city with paint
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDNgnrt_D8w&list=

Ellen 't Hoen Pool medical patents, save lives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VbF2KPn3TrU&list=

Emma Teeling The secret of the bat genome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHcTWlxWzpE&list=

Erik Schlangen A self-healing asphalt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xP3-W546HYs&list=

Ernesto Sirolli Want to help someone Shut up and listen!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chXsLtHqfdM&list=

Fahad Al-Attiya A country with no water
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dv3E6ESTp30&list=

Frederic Kaplan How I built an information time machine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-Ev4rU27HY&list=

Gary Greenberg The beautiful nano details of our world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROXUPr8Wqds&list=

Ge Wang The DIY orchestra of the future
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ol1b5mMeP7s&list=

Geraldine Hamilton Body parts on a chip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpkXmtJOH84&list=

Gratitude  Louie Schwartzberg  TEDxSF
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXDMoiEkyuQ&list=

Harry Baker A love poem for lonely prime numbers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6jrLgvCUNs&list=

Healthier men, one moustache at a time Adam Garone at TEDxToronto
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yQvbKfEKLMI&list=

Henry Evans and Chad Jenkins Meet the robots for humanity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCIukWXmlV4&list=

How movies teach manhood  Colin Stokes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ueOqYebVhtc&list=

I'm not your inspiration, thank you very much  Stella Young
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8K9Gg164Bsw&list=

Identity in the 21st century David Birch at TEDxSussexUniversity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YhW9I8SUkFU&list=

iO Tillett Wright Fifty shades of gay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VAJ-5J21Rd0&list=

iPhone application developer... and 6th grader  Thomas Suarez  TEDxManhattanBeach
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehDAP1OQ9Zw&list=

Is life really that complex  Hannah Fry  TEDxUCL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnQYJa9-aR0&list=

Israel and Iran A love story
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Lp-NMaU0r8&list=

Jackie Savitz Save the oceans, feed the world!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9XFeW9dgyIs&list=

Jackson Katz Violence against women—it's a men's issue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ElJxUVJ8blw&list=

Jake Wood A new mission for veterans -- disaster relief
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8fE29CHJMCg&list=

James B. Glattfelder Who controls the world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgbqXsA62Qs&list=

Janine di Giovanni What I saw in the war
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2hQL9Zrokk&list=

Janine Shepherd A broken body isn't a broken person
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ltDJynTduY&list=

Jarrett J. Krosoczka How a boy became an artist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_k0ywFgMpFk&list=

Jeff Hancock 3 types of (digital) lies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nn5k4snG3rA&list=

Jennifer Golbeck The curly fry conundrum Why social media likes say more than you might think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgWie9dnssU&list=

John Searle Our shared condition -- consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqDgt12m26c&list=

Jonas Eliasson How to solve traffic jams
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CX_Krxq5eUI&list=

Kakenya Ntaiya A girl who demanded school
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-vyBpWueu4&list=

Karima Bennoune The side of terrorism that doesn't make headlines
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cK74vhqzeeQ&list=

Learning from failure  David Damberger  TEDxYYC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGiHU-agsGY&list=

Lemn Sissay A child of the state
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sLiM2-izFl4&list=

Let the inventory walk and talk  Mick Mountz  TEDxBoston
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szU2-1infqc&list=

Living beyond limits  Amy Purdy  TEDxOrangeCoast
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2QZM7azGoA&list=

Look up for a change Lucianne Walkowicz at TEDxPhoenix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iTN9rG_h4VY&list=

Looks aren't everything. Believe me, I'm a model.  Cameron Russell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KM4Xe6Dlp0Y&list=

Lorrie Faith Cranor What's wrong with your pa$$w0rd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0SkdP36wiAU&list=

Love -- you're doing it wrong  Yann Dall'Aglio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJgiYBdD2VA&list=

Luke Syson How I learned to stop worrying and love useless art
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-Uvy6pvLA4&list=

Mac Barnett Why a good book is a secret door
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPrS7-kx9Y0&list=

Marcus Byrne The dance of the dung beetle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eosckjQ4mJ0&list=

Margaret Heffernan The dangers of willful blindness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kn5JRgz3W0o&list=

Meera Vijayann Find your voice against gender violence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sLo97Bu8Fo0&list=

Megan Washington Why I live in mortal dread of public speaking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDH0BfsPVS8&list=

Metal that breathes  Doris Kim Sung
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvIyVZf3qZU&list=

Michael Dickinson How a fly flies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_44G-kE8lE&list=

Mitch Resnick Let's teach kids to code
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ok6LbV6bqaE&list=

Mon cheri c'est trop cher Daniel Schnitzer at TEDxPittsburgh
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4C-LY9Qlr_0&list=

Music of the future (HQ)  Charles Hazlewood and the British Paraorchestra   TEDxBrussels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FsGu5YTM1NI&list=

Nancy Frates Why my family started the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge. The rest is history
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lr-mXnUoUXM&list=

Nicolas Perony Puppies! Now that I've got your attention, complexity theory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Y8-IzP01lw&list=

Nikolai Begg A tool to fix one of the most dangerous moments in surgery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TRajLqEaWhQ&list=

Onora O'Neill What we don't understand about trust
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1PNX6M_dVsk&list=

Open science Michael Nielsen at TEDxWaterloo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DnWocYKqvhw&list=

Paul Pholeros How to reduce poverty Fix homes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XDBWEKBq0_w&list=

Peter van Manen How can Formula 1 racing help ... babies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ht2fzax9wV0&list=

Reimagining pharmaceutical innovation  Thomas Pogge at TEDxCanberra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTMqGbTNkNg&list=

Researching or reporting -- revelations from the field Leslie Dodson at TEDxBOULDER
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YuYyq_7KhjA&list=

Richard Weller Could the sun be good for your heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lh9lDWPMWrM&list=

Robots with soul  Guy Hoffman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utV1sdjr4PY&list=

Rory Stewart Why democracy matters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IuQZ21spTRg&list=

Sarah Kay, PoetessStoryteller  TEDxEast
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Iv2nZnZOrM&list=

Seeing beauty for a change Rick Guidotti at TEDxPhoenix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcmU7Uyvf94&list=

Shigeru Ban Emergency shelters made from paper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q43uXdOKPD8&list=

Steve Ramirez and Xu Liu A mouse. A laser beam. A manipulated memory.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXo3qA9V3eI&list=

Steven Schwaitzberg A universal translator for surgeons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GvGAIGbnX7E&list=

Still figuring it out  Tavi Gevinson  TEDxTeen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6osiBvQ-RRg&list=

Suzanne Talhouk Don't kill your language
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNOiwgrZbPE&list=

Talithia Williams Own your body's data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_GMVTJ9ZKVc&list=

TEDxEastSalon - Bjarke Ingels - Hedonistic Sustainability
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogXT_CI7KRU&list=

TEDxKids@Brussels - Gabe Zichermann - Gamification
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2N-5maKZ9Q&list=

TEDxKrakow - Srdja Popovic - How to topple a dictator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3Cd-oEvEog&list=

TEDxNewy 2011 - Peter Saul - Dying in 21st century Australia, a new experience for all of us.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03h0dNZoxr8&list=

TEDxSanMigueldeAllende - Aleph Molinari - Bridging the Digital Divide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kaxCRnZ_CLg&list=

TEDxTeen - Natalie Warne - Anonymous Extraordinaries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FszSc7Fb8ss&list=

TEDxToronto -  Drew Dudley Leading with Lollipops
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hVCBrkrFrBE&list=

TEDxYouth@Manchester 2011 - Julian Baggini - Is There A Real You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFIyhseYTWg&list=

The 4 stories we tell ourselves about death  Stephen Cave
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PB7xs7UpIfY&list=

The career advice you probably didn't get  Susan Colantuono
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JFQLvbVJVMg&list=

The orchestra in my mouth  Tom Thum
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFjIi2hxxf0&list=

The other inconvenient truth  Jonathan Foley  TEDxTC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJhgGbRA6Hk&list=

The Pirate Party - the politics of protest Rick Falkvinge at TEDxObserver
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsI3-IEWgFg&list=

The true cost of oil  Garth Lenz  TEDxVictoria
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84zIj_EdQdM&list=

The weight of data Jer Thorp at TEDxVancouver
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-q6aA5qdCzU&list=

The world's smallest 3D printer Klaus Stadlmann at TEDxVienna
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2IQkKE7h9I&list=

The world's ugliest music  Scott Rickard  TEDxMIA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RENk9PK06AQ&list=

Thomas Hellum The world's most boring television ... and why it's hilariously addictive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxKUDXrtDFI&list=

Thorium Kirk Sorensen at TEDxYYC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2vzotsvvkw&list=

Timothy Bartik The economic case for preschool
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LH8MPbFoRjw&list=

Tyler DeWitt Hey science teachers -- make it fun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6OaIdwUdSxE&list=

Victims of the city Mark Raymond at TEDxPortofSpain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdP3XlMDDb4&list=

Want to be happier Stay in the moment  Matt Killingsworth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qy5A8dVYU3k&list=

When you're making a deal, what's going on in your brain  Colin Camerer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uKByBgqxOw4&list=

Why domestic violence victims don't leave  Leslie Morgan Steiner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V1yW5IsnSjo&list=

Why I love a country that once betrayed me  George Takei
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LeBKBFAPwNc&list=

Why our universe might exist on a knife-edge  Gian Giudice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8z6HfSq7l8&list=

Why some people find exercise harder than others  Emily Balcetis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QeIrdqU0o9s&list=

Young-ha Kim Be an artist, right now!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRvDWVfib2c&list=

Your brain on video games  Daphne Bavelier
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FktsFcooIG8&list=

Zahra' Langhi Why Libya's revolution didn't work -- and what might
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtcWebAYmKY&list=
Best of TEDxTalks