
75th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/LieT75Zb_OY&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs93z3kO_4A9mDk8lsTtwwDW

76th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/YjUGBnsflPg&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs93z3kO_4A9mDk8lsTtwwDW

77th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/nXT08jENPGQ&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs93z3kO_4A9mDk8lsTtwwDW

78th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/H0rf6uXxabs&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs93z3kO_4A9mDk8lsTtwwDW

79th airhacks.tv Questions & Answers #slideless
https://youtu.be/47rUZJe6BU0&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs93z3kO_4A9mDk8lsTtwwDW

80th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/vN_8K-6TzAg&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs93z3kO_4A9mDk8lsTtwwDW

81st airhacks.tv Questions and Answers #slideless
https://youtu.be/40EMYetraKA&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs93z3kO_4A9mDk8lsTtwwDW

82nd airhacks.tv Questions and Answers #slideless
https://youtu.be/53NmCSPcDn0&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs93z3kO_4A9mDk8lsTtwwDW

83rd airhacks.tv Questions and Answers #slideless
https://youtu.be/IZs_PYetd40&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs93z3kO_4A9mDk8lsTtwwDW

84th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers #slideless?
https://youtu.be/fz-YdSLXPZc&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs93z3kO_4A9mDk8lsTtwwDW

85th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers #slideless??
https://youtu.be/c4Q0Icj6xxE&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs93z3kO_4A9mDk8lsTtwwDW

86th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/wyA6wWVSPNE&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs93z3kO_4A9mDk8lsTtwwDW

87th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers #slideless
https://youtu.be/NNTZaBjPkGM&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs93z3kO_4A9mDk8lsTtwwDW

88th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers #slideless
https://youtu.be/tIRkmEOlrq0&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs93z3kO_4A9mDk8lsTtwwDW

89th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/5FgfbQFzwcU&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs93z3kO_4A9mDk8lsTtwwDW

90th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/7rBVYcCJYWo&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs93z3kO_4A9mDk8lsTtwwDW

91st airhacks.tv Questions and Answers #slideless
https://youtu.be/6ggDGYzKlVs&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs93z3kO_4A9mDk8lsTtwwDW

92nd airhacks.tv Questions and Answers #slideless
https://youtu.be/LDLlE_qePhs&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs93z3kO_4A9mDk8lsTtwwDW

93rd airhacks.tv Disappearing Youtube Likes, AWS CDKv2, IaC, JPA, Containers, Singletons #slideless
https://youtu.be/964FHVxZmns&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs93z3kO_4A9mDk8lsTtwwDW

94th airhacks.tv  2021 in review,  EDAs, JPA, logging, DDOS, AWS Lambda Fargate HTTP Patch,
https://youtu.be/LzjB8OiqCvQ&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs93z3kO_4A9mDk8lsTtwwDW

95th airhacks.tv Debezium, GlassFish vs. Payara, CDI Events, NoSQL vs. SQL ,WebAssembly #slideless
https://youtu.be/3Gtw9fS4PMw&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs93z3kO_4A9mDk8lsTtwwDW

96th airhacks.tv Q & A live Quarkus Renarde, DDoS, Bean Validation, Serverless Java #slideless
https://youtu.be/tTmissQ3a58&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs93z3kO_4A9mDk8lsTtwwDW

97th airhacks.tv GraalVM, Serverless AWS Lambda, Micronaut, Quarkus, JWT, Reactive vs. Looom
https://youtu.be/2JFuI0c0zwA&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs93z3kO_4A9mDk8lsTtwwDW

98th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers #slideless
https://youtu.be/oID9g3Gyf5M&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs93z3kO_4A9mDk8lsTtwwDW
Videos 1-25