
Python Basics 250 Subs
https://youtu.be/XoQE5GVcIu8&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Center Text Object to Pygame Window
https://youtu.be/_4q7_sNTevU&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Deep Dive Pyplot Subplots Method
https://youtu.be/vOOJNs3Rkhg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Expanded Search with Brackets
https://youtu.be/ZYbOZdV--x8&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Glob iglob Method
https://youtu.be/KHlCRYvwQ0g&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Glob Under the Hood
https://youtu.be/aX2RYtDWT0Q&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Install Numpy and Pandas
https://youtu.be/wU1ZZg-_Aic&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Itertools Groupby Method Pt  2
https://youtu.be/xzQuR8RSzwY&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Itertools Groupby Method Pt  3
https://youtu.be/_MqXw27g354&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Matplotlib Multiple Plots
https://youtu.be/5jf3CtfU0Vg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Matplotlib Subplots Function
https://youtu.be/cHuwgUfubmE&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Os Path isdir Method
https://youtu.be/-jTeCG78Uf8&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Pop Quiz #3 Answer
https://youtu.be/W4GSLfaY6OQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Pop Quiz #3
https://youtu.be/wU_ROiyHj4I&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Pygame Draw Circle Method
https://youtu.be/ZHE0JbV_b8I&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Pygame Draw Module
https://youtu.be/LN6JWfKGCy0&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Re Findall Method pt. 2
https://youtu.be/v855p5Gyc90&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Re Findall Method
https://youtu.be/uRpFU9iEYgs&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Re Module Pt. 3 Special Character Dot (.)
https://youtu.be/t5ffOZuTOtk&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Requested Video Os Path Join
https://youtu.be/TRq7JbgKN2s&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics So Very Grateful
https://youtu.be/ojnsyx9xQ0Q&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Zipfile Extract Method
https://youtu.be/6AzqM0EIxQE&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Zipfile Extractall Method
https://youtu.be/9KtJl38qQcI&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Zipfile Namelist Method
https://youtu.be/udVk-mXTwos&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Zipfile ZipFile Method
https://youtu.be/OrP4V0WOJzE&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L
Videos 51-75