
#139 the-Automators' Podcast 10 steps to building a strong consulting biz
https://youtu.be/QWlrMYZBWgQ&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

AutoHotkey Podcast 001 Why and what to automate
https://youtu.be/DM59Ve6i6JE&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

AutoHotkey Podcast 002 Automating ourselves out of a job
https://youtu.be/tl_XyCYvidI&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

AutoHotkey Podcast 003 Charging for AutoHotkey work  Advice
https://youtu.be/RWS9b4C0LF4&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

AutoHotkey Podcast 004 Using Functions in AutoHotkey
https://youtu.be/HL_n1p1BaBM&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

AutoHotkey Podcast 005 Multiple scripts or single scripts
https://youtu.be/2BZInsk4Wm4&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

Deleted video
https://youtu.be/7b_p1Ir4HA8&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

the-Automators' Podcast #122-Why people want to perform a memory scan
https://youtu.be/Pg7QdmXVG4U&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

the-Automators' Podcast #123 the use of voice commands in our everyday lives
https://youtu.be/clxaahdNvdQ&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

the-Automators' Podcast #124  Are key loggers an invasion of privacy
https://youtu.be/ZbCFPIykkJw&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

the-Automators' Podcast #125  Resources used waiting for a window
https://youtu.be/B4sTVVTlWow&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

the-Automators' Podcast #126 RPA companies and the Exorbitant prices they charge
https://youtu.be/5H0vm_w1yJI&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

the-Automators' Podcast #127 Should AHK V2 take on a whole new name
https://youtu.be/J3aBrrRjXDc&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

the-Automators' Podcast #128 Personalized Software with AutoHotkey
https://youtu.be/UBMJDbdImjo&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

the-Automators' Podcast #129 RegEx to add Attributes to A tag
https://youtu.be/h3_yxMLC72k&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

the-Automators' Podcast #130  Adding additional features is a balancing act
https://youtu.be/7lPp2wKYC4Y&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

the-Automators' Podcast #131 19 Questions to consider when automating a process
https://youtu.be/ZlQ8ru3UKzk&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

the-Automators' Podcast #132  Is AutoHotkey cheating at work
https://youtu.be/djnmldE5y6c&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

the-Automators' Podcast #133 Using a time study to quantify your efficiency gains
https://youtu.be/Vn5u4FB2iqc&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

the-Automators' Podcast #135  How to best sellpitch AutoHotkey
https://youtu.be/Cgpu6qfR0n4&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

the-Automators' Podcast #136 How to price your script
https://youtu.be/ipfYpddEOHM&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

the-Automators' Podcast #137  7 great tips when learning a new language
https://youtu.be/9sApLMuTLis&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

the-Automators' Podcast #138 9 times to say no to clients
https://youtu.be/k6HkkQzJ_Pw&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

the-Automators' Podcast 121 - how humans and computers are similar in handling tasks
https://youtu.be/ZyjHf3GbJFI&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

the-Automators' Podcast 134- Interacting with a live stream
https://youtu.be/xnukWBi8GK8&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6
Videos 1-25