
Bitcoin Algo and Automated Trading Update
https://youtu.be/ab4wZewtMZM&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDebbCxrDPCux6SzC1RET4mF

Bitcoin Protocol - Combining and Splitting Value
https://youtu.be/qINf8hdnebg&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDebbCxrDPCux6SzC1RET4mF

Bitcoin Protocol - Why 2140 may not be the end of bitcoin Creation
https://youtu.be/e_nGIzqu7N0&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDebbCxrDPCux6SzC1RET4mF

Bitcoin Protocol Explained #3 - Transactions
https://youtu.be/tW3zHIOudgo&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDebbCxrDPCux6SzC1RET4mF

Bitcoin Protocol Explained - Timestamp Server  Global Ledger
https://youtu.be/nO6FXU_zOog&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDebbCxrDPCux6SzC1RET4mF

Bitcoin Protocol Explained 1 - Bitcoin paper broken down step by step.
https://youtu.be/UieiMU-ImvI&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDebbCxrDPCux6SzC1RET4mF

Bitcoin Protocol for Dummies #2 - Intro section
https://youtu.be/JQzepQoZYi0&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDebbCxrDPCux6SzC1RET4mF

Bitcoin Protocol Proof of Work shown in Python Code
https://youtu.be/K_Ac1Ko8-p8&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDebbCxrDPCux6SzC1RET4mF

Bitcoin Protocol Tutorial #7 The Network
https://youtu.be/t_laVHXg64s&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDebbCxrDPCux6SzC1RET4mF

Bitcoin Protocol Tutorial #8 Incentive
https://youtu.be/Q8KtQ3uM1tk&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDebbCxrDPCux6SzC1RET4mF

Bitcoin Protocol Tutorial #9 - Reclaiming Disk Space
https://youtu.be/yZgaxg0JzcU&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDebbCxrDPCux6SzC1RET4mF

Bitcoin Protocol Tutorial - Conclusion of the Paper
https://youtu.be/P7D4-EE0HRw&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDebbCxrDPCux6SzC1RET4mF

Bitcoin Protocol Tutorial - Privacy Section
https://youtu.be/Wgyb5y4nX_g&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDebbCxrDPCux6SzC1RET4mF

Bitcoin Protocol Tutorial Proof of Work
https://youtu.be/EWfGzeF3Xmw&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDebbCxrDPCux6SzC1RET4mF

Bitcoin Protocol Tutorial Simplified Payment Verification
https://youtu.be/24lMzKVqcS8&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDebbCxrDPCux6SzC1RET4mF

Bitcoin Trading - Getting historical trade data
https://youtu.be/WZjMcUudPJk&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDebbCxrDPCux6SzC1RET4mF

Bitcoin Trading - Relative Strength Index (RSI)
https://youtu.be/an8DFGE932I&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDebbCxrDPCux6SzC1RET4mF

Bitcoin Trading - Streaming Live Bitcoin prices through Exchange API
https://youtu.be/cWf-WXaLFJ8&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDebbCxrDPCux6SzC1RET4mF

Bitcoin Trading - Visualizing our data in Matplotlib
https://youtu.be/rrvvBJMpV1g&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDebbCxrDPCux6SzC1RET4mF

Bitcoin trading and Investing - Intro
https://youtu.be/5b_Qmz-YNiE&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDebbCxrDPCux6SzC1RET4mF

Bitcoin Trading Back-testing our Relative Strength Index
https://youtu.be/fRH3Dpj9UFE&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDebbCxrDPCux6SzC1RET4mF

Bitcoin Trading Risks
https://youtu.be/-6s4ximXkZY&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDebbCxrDPCux6SzC1RET4mF

Live Bitcoin Trading and Getting Started
https://youtu.be/kltVk3gQpCc&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDebbCxrDPCux6SzC1RET4mF

Live Bitcoin Trading Session +8% in 30 minutes
https://youtu.be/gkXPA0dsKNA&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDebbCxrDPCux6SzC1RET4mF

Should Bitcoin Be Regulated ...futher
https://youtu.be/OLfIJs1eQ2I&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDebbCxrDPCux6SzC1RET4mF
Videos 1-25