
Accessibility of Python and  Data Science - Rishab, Shakul, Abhisar, Sunil
https://youtu.be/hp--dmT5MvE&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfsflQt05LM3FTX6cd7PGps

Demystifying Web Map Servers The Invisible side of geographic Information Systems - Shivashis Padhi
https://youtu.be/yWSCGuIIQNI&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfsflQt05LM3FTX6cd7PGps

Entering the world of Serious Games with Python - Harshinee Sriram
https://youtu.be/2YXJu7axfCE&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfsflQt05LM3FTX6cd7PGps

Extracting tabular data from PDF'S with Camelot & Excalibur - Vinayak Mehta
https://youtu.be/m6xKhzp54-E&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfsflQt05LM3FTX6cd7PGps

How we built a State Machine to keep up with a 1200+ Txssecond blockchain protocol - Anomit Ghosh
https://youtu.be/xZmcTXmYeUc&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfsflQt05LM3FTX6cd7PGps

Indeed's Endeavor to Push on Green - Amulya Bandikatla
https://youtu.be/wJLizAqy9ak&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfsflQt05LM3FTX6cd7PGps

IndicNLP - Adam Shamsudeen, Kamal Raj, Selva Kumar
https://youtu.be/rgCXWaKzMKU&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfsflQt05LM3FTX6cd7PGps

Keynote - Jake Vanderplas
https://youtu.be/VIal-4zz9HI&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfsflQt05LM3FTX6cd7PGps

Let's Hunt a Memory Leak - Sanket
https://youtu.be/u0qVRm8Hjb4&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfsflQt05LM3FTX6cd7PGps

Lifting Up Deep Learning For Implementing Anti-hunger and Anti-poverty Programs - Usha Rengaraju
https://youtu.be/yPgW4eU53fE&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfsflQt05LM3FTX6cd7PGps

Lightning Talk - Senthil
https://youtu.be/eUBh1grVhZg&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfsflQt05LM3FTX6cd7PGps

Machine learning Algorithms from scratch in Python - Arjun Kathuria
https://youtu.be/uxKtuWDKmMc&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfsflQt05LM3FTX6cd7PGps

Machine Learning Bias - AbdulMajedRaja RS
https://youtu.be/ECFkJLpQqCQ&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfsflQt05LM3FTX6cd7PGps

Machine Learning for loT at the Edge - Sukanya Mandal
https://youtu.be/NvZ43nEl8gg&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfsflQt05LM3FTX6cd7PGps

Machine Learning Model and Dataset Versioning - Kurian Benoy
https://youtu.be/Ipzf6oQqQpo&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfsflQt05LM3FTX6cd7PGps

Maps, Delimitation, and Gerrymandering with Python - Anand S
https://youtu.be/ql3Kz8ZjhRg&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfsflQt05LM3FTX6cd7PGps

Micropython Building a Physical Inventory Search Engine - Vinay Keerthi
https://youtu.be/aEYftBZz6ag&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfsflQt05LM3FTX6cd7PGps

Performance Optimization with Python Elasticsearch - Anisha Swain & Manaswini Das
https://youtu.be/z8TC7U0QEAM&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfsflQt05LM3FTX6cd7PGps

Python based simulation and treatment planning in Craniofacial Surgery - Akilesh Ramasamy
https://youtu.be/Lgx1vd4V_xc&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfsflQt05LM3FTX6cd7PGps

Python is NOT easy - Lesson's From Sympy's codebase - Sadhana Srinivasan
https://youtu.be/SwQJ7FUj4B0&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfsflQt05LM3FTX6cd7PGps

Python Packaging - Where We Are and Where We're Headed - Pradyun Gedam
https://youtu.be/1WRRBrPpxhw&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfsflQt05LM3FTX6cd7PGps

Real World Numba Taking the Path of Least Resistance - Ankit Mahato
https://youtu.be/7Ltqdw2X_Oc&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfsflQt05LM3FTX6cd7PGps

Scaling up Data Pipelines using Apache Parquet and Dask - Lalit Musmade
https://youtu.be/FuJvnXYocTg&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfsflQt05LM3FTX6cd7PGps

spaCy PyTorch Transformers - Matthew Honnibal
https://youtu.be/NxqY0eVRgp0&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfsflQt05LM3FTX6cd7PGps

Visual Studio Code + Python = Awesomeness ! - Ashish Sahu & Sagar Bhanudas Josh
https://youtu.be/TD5V-ivlSV0&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfsflQt05LM3FTX6cd7PGps
Videos 26-50