
Episode #001 - Pow
https://youtu.be/FI8uZ8jqr94

Episode #002 - Impressionist
https://youtu.be/YgPAZUw7wfk

Episode #003 -  ActionCable in Production
https://youtu.be/4dum1S-RxpU

Episode #004 -  Serialized Attributes
https://youtu.be/uSxN2W1hCOk

Episode #005 -  Florrick
https://youtu.be/FQW_7sBjBu0

Episode #006 -  attr_encrypted
https://youtu.be/XkMGVJ3Cosk

Episode #007 - Sitemap Generator
https://youtu.be/NGn2QCC85yQ

Episode #008 - Sending Emails
https://youtu.be/ZUXYE4kMaWs

Episode #009 - ActiveJob
https://youtu.be/KIg0cZWFaGE

Episode #010 - Invisible Captcha
https://youtu.be/H8NpV3klg9A

Episode #011 - Annotate
https://youtu.be/nUpC086BUCU

Episode #012 - Static Pages with High Voltage
https://youtu.be/obv_9EZWPwI

Episode #013 - File Uploads with Refile
https://youtu.be/dT4ux3Q4Hxg

Episode #014 - Securing File Uploads
https://youtu.be/QougDpAPfYw

Episode #015 - Refile Uploads with Progress Bar
https://youtu.be/P1d2xV0rXx0

Episode #016 - Complex Strong Params
https://youtu.be/SX6_qGxNSGo

Episode #017 - Dependent Fields Rails
https://youtu.be/arAU9pt4fNU

Episode #018 - Caching with Dalli
https://youtu.be/X_T-gbTo2hg

Episode #019 -  Deleting and Undeleting with Paranoia
https://youtu.be/Wo8fZK0ePf4

Episode #020 - Not RJS and Turbolinks
https://youtu.be/7rhSdrY2NEM

Episode #021 - Not RJS and Turbolinks Part 2
https://youtu.be/3gCsdlwpdCA

Episode #022 - Faye WebSockets - Part 1
https://youtu.be/IOav0Uju_DQ

Episode #024 - Fragment Caching
https://youtu.be/vNNlNMZXjqc

Episode #025 -  Faye WebSockets   Part 2
https://youtu.be/4zY_ADCphcA
Videos 326-349