
10 simple rules for writing great testcases by Steve Poole and Stuart Marks
https://youtu.be/n6Nde8TgB2Y&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

6 years of Gradle at LinkedIn by Szczepan Faber
https://youtu.be/XnilWruJ6WU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

A Post Apocalyptic sun misc Unsafe World
https://youtu.be/_bVcHCt-J6Y&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Collections Refueled by Stuart Marks
https://youtu.be/q6zF3vf114M&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Containerless in the cloud with AWS Lambda by Ryan Cuprak
https://youtu.be/RES_QaRdgh0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Developing Microservices with Aggregates by Chris Richardson
https://youtu.be/gR_EGN86fvg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Eclipse JDT Embraces Java 9 - An Insider's view by Manoj Palat
https://youtu.be/o9rZmvWglno&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Fifty Shades of Android Studio by Murat Yener
https://youtu.be/O3Xj1vBc0Xg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Finalizers - The not so good, the bad and the ugly by Gautam Singh
https://youtu.be/2Ucu6OReVwA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Hijacking IoT with IBM Watson
https://youtu.be/G3_aCxtzfFk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

IDE Tooling for JavaScript by Ryan Cuprak
https://youtu.be/bsAwTLU_g88&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Java 9 in Anticipation by Trisha Gee
https://youtu.be/eDV1JUMqMDU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Java for Education using SnapCode by Jeff Martin
https://youtu.be/KjcvZyN3DYA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

JDK 9 Language, Tooling, and Library Features by Joe Darcy
https://youtu.be/KQiYlWFvc68&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Machine Learning at Scale by Yufeng Guo
https://youtu.be/hOpMu8eIvhg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Modular Development with JDK 9 by Alex Buckley
https://youtu.be/rfOjch4p0Po&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

My Slow Internet Vs Docker by Ray Tsang
https://youtu.be/PUOuhPk0WAg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Navigate All the Knowledge by James Weaver
https://youtu.be/M14jH8tfsaU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Netflix Keystone - Real-time Stream Processing Cloud Service by Monal Daxini
https://youtu.be/YrENL4J-fGk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Nuking Nasty Memory Leaks by Pierre-Yves Ricau
https://youtu.be/fhE--eTEW84&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Reactive programming in Angular by Yakov Fain
https://youtu.be/hrm8FCEbH54&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Scientific Visualization Integrated into Eclipse Workbenches by Robert Smith
https://youtu.be/NHRIeni2g_c&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

The End of Polling by Audrey Neveu
https://youtu.be/T26J0akZxWs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Typescript 2 and failing faster by Paul Everitt
https://youtu.be/pa1Fx64AteI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Your next JVM Panama, Valhalla, Metropolis by John Rose
https://youtu.be/OMk5KoUIOy4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm
Videos 51-75