
A Decade under the Influence  [of Writing Ruby on Rails] -  Luigi Montanez
https://youtu.be/8M498f0eZTI&list=PLqZY2tk6rSRn2Vapk2raOTFjXGiDbpQUU

A Drunkard's Walk Graphs with Neo4j - James Dabbs - Atlanta Ruby Users' Group
https://youtu.be/Bz5tgZLG5WI&list=PLqZY2tk6rSRn2Vapk2raOTFjXGiDbpQUU

A Journey into the Rails Router, Lexers, parsers, and automata with Andy Lindeman - ATLRUG 2015
https://youtu.be/5hKkkQMOj3c&list=PLqZY2tk6rSRn2Vapk2raOTFjXGiDbpQUU

ActiveJob, in Rails 4.2, with Loren Norman
https://youtu.be/QCMZivctbvw&list=PLqZY2tk6rSRn2Vapk2raOTFjXGiDbpQUU

Amelia Bedelia Learns to Code with Kylie Stradley
https://youtu.be/mUU3YSrZuf4&list=PLqZY2tk6rSRn2Vapk2raOTFjXGiDbpQUU

Blind Elixir with David Kolb
https://youtu.be/xJ6G7FDfRac&list=PLqZY2tk6rSRn2Vapk2raOTFjXGiDbpQUU

Building with Action Cable - Part II  - Garett Arrowood
https://youtu.be/rKtlMQGbqbk&list=PLqZY2tk6rSRn2Vapk2raOTFjXGiDbpQUU

Elixir for Rubyists with J  Paul Daigle
https://youtu.be/A_YnwR4CoFw&list=PLqZY2tk6rSRn2Vapk2raOTFjXGiDbpQUU

Getting Answers to Your Testing Questions Josh Justice
https://youtu.be/fXlLbhuIc34&list=PLqZY2tk6rSRn2Vapk2raOTFjXGiDbpQUU

How Processors Work  -  Sam Phippen
https://youtu.be/PYUqiL7GrcU&list=PLqZY2tk6rSRn2Vapk2raOTFjXGiDbpQUU

Introduction to Action Cable with Rails 5 by Garett Arrowood
https://youtu.be/BncSpSO-KBM&list=PLqZY2tk6rSRn2Vapk2raOTFjXGiDbpQUU

MeteorJS, the JavaScript Web Framework, with Ernie Ellingson - Atlanta Ruby Users' Group
https://youtu.be/Ho9JCsNcwCo&list=PLqZY2tk6rSRn2Vapk2raOTFjXGiDbpQUU

Our ATLRUG.com Web Site - Al Snow
https://youtu.be/MvhxKh8z35I&list=PLqZY2tk6rSRn2Vapk2raOTFjXGiDbpQUU

Overcoming the Challenges of Mentoring with Kim Crayton
https://youtu.be/Qx4PDQjfY_Y&list=PLqZY2tk6rSRn2Vapk2raOTFjXGiDbpQUU

Passive Record Overview with  Joseph Weissman
https://youtu.be/-GBeDgNOGwc&list=PLqZY2tk6rSRn2Vapk2raOTFjXGiDbpQUU

Railsgoat - Ken Johnson - Atlanta Ruby Meetup Group - 2014
https://youtu.be/JIJjXpz0KTc&list=PLqZY2tk6rSRn2Vapk2raOTFjXGiDbpQUU

Retrospective on AngularJS and Rails at Rivalry with Tejus Parikh - ATLRUG 2015
https://youtu.be/4LxMuFc3CEA&list=PLqZY2tk6rSRn2Vapk2raOTFjXGiDbpQUU

Ruby Careers Panel with Cecili Reid, Dave Kimura, and Garett Arrowood
https://youtu.be/9rUDvGJy0tw&list=PLqZY2tk6rSRn2Vapk2raOTFjXGiDbpQUU

Ruby Tech Stack Panel with Randy Etheredge, Chris Altman, and Jonathan Manuzak HD 1080p
https://youtu.be/XACnoP0yAgg&list=PLqZY2tk6rSRn2Vapk2raOTFjXGiDbpQUU

Running Ruby on Docker - David Dollar from Convox
https://youtu.be/G1xpFn6aF_c&list=PLqZY2tk6rSRn2Vapk2raOTFjXGiDbpQUU

Scaling Rails for $5.50 A Day with Andy Slocum - ATLRUG 2014
https://youtu.be/L5AGTFzt9i4&list=PLqZY2tk6rSRn2Vapk2raOTFjXGiDbpQUU

Testing a JSON API using Inheritance with Blake Chambers
https://youtu.be/PbuzPhO9WdA&list=PLqZY2tk6rSRn2Vapk2raOTFjXGiDbpQUU

Tired of REST An Intro to GraphQL with David Lormor
https://youtu.be/6QIV7Oy88Ws&list=PLqZY2tk6rSRn2Vapk2raOTFjXGiDbpQUU

WebRTC Real Time Video & Audio for Your App - Riaz Virani
https://youtu.be/kC12enYIBKE&list=PLqZY2tk6rSRn2Vapk2raOTFjXGiDbpQUU

WrenchMode - Making Downtime Suck a Little Less - by Micah Wedemeyer
https://youtu.be/FUVDVphhIJA&list=PLqZY2tk6rSRn2Vapk2raOTFjXGiDbpQUU
Videos 1-25