
33rd airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/EMpJsbVRI30

34th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/O1VTx0psUgo

35th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/eSoJYBOgIHk

36th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/SPPHqW6e28Y

37th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/xXnsCEcTe3o

38th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/0o_iPAj5sAU

39th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/HSlZGbyvjoM

40th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/Sj-0Dip8nT8

41st airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/oOh6PfCyNRI

42nd airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/F9WUjZofcX4

Async Communication Between WARs with WebSockets
https://youtu.be/al8hxPou9z0

Building A CustomElement with WebComponents
https://youtu.be/VTrGfwyNzD8

Convenient WildFly Configuration via CLI
https://youtu.be/6BGv7-drumU

Convenient WildFly configuration via JMX
https://youtu.be/D0F0yZgF7Wc

Hacky New 2017!
https://youtu.be/VL-9TbQVuDU

HTML 5, Angular React, WebStandards, Serverless, Java EE, Distilleries--A Voxxed Bucharest Preview
https://youtu.be/OCXhn2WaZiQ

HTTP Load Balancing With Docker and nginx
https://youtu.be/CS6bzlwdhqU

HTTP2 Push with Servlets 4.0 and Java EE 8
https://youtu.be/AGXA0P0s3ko

Java EE Monitoring With firehose and prometheus.io
https://youtu.be/_FW5472xTmQ

Microservices Simplify Exception Handling in JAX-RS and Java EE
https://youtu.be/yA1gKg-FvJM

Pushing Java EE 78 To Oracle Container Cloud Service
https://youtu.be/6cVHeEeKLSI

Pushing Java EE Thin WARs To The Clouds
https://youtu.be/0AJyZ9i915k

Pushing Java EE To Amazon ECS  ECR
https://youtu.be/KpPuGgMzReM

Receiving Server Sent Events with plain, vanilla JavaScript client
https://youtu.be/qQLVCgmiMgQ

Transactions Monitoring With WildFly
https://youtu.be/jgvyCAexPHQ
Videos 201-225