
5 things you need to know when using Hibernate with MySQL
https://youtu.be/6ohojmT4jTA&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

6 Hibernate Best Practices for Readable and Maintainable Code
https://youtu.be/l23VmHz72fE&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Access Strategies in JPA and Hibernateâ€“ Which is better, field or property access
https://youtu.be/3RGw86dQnBE&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Best Practices for Many-To-One and One-To-Many Association Mappings
https://youtu.be/tciSOIQngig&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Hibernate How to Implement a Custom, Sequence-Based ID Generator
https://youtu.be/rvaAx7r8lVY&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Hibernate Performance Tuning 10 Common Hibernate Mistakes That Cripple Your Performance
https://youtu.be/FUt1VM1gNkg&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Hibernate Tip  How to Call a Standard Function in JPQL
https://youtu.be/tB0M1uZpnv4&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Hibernate Tip  How to detach an entity from the persistence context
https://youtu.be/p-euc3vQQAc&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Hibernate Tip  How to map multiple entities to the same table
https://youtu.be/RxE9nU285nM&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Hibernate Tip - How to map an association to a java.util.Map
https://youtu.be/ZgHYPx4-fXg&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Hibernate Tip How to call a PostgreSQL function
https://youtu.be/4Qw7kDGolYA&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Hibernate Tip How to delete child entities from a many-to-one association
https://youtu.be/_RXJ5XCDw8c&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Hibernate Tip How to Exclude Deactivated Elements from an Association
https://youtu.be/3GEizBtB4XY&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Hibernate Tip How to implement a subquery in a CriteriaQuery
https://youtu.be/fdF_vx6fm4g&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Hibernate Tip How to Increase the Version of the Parent Entity When Updating a Child Entity
https://youtu.be/CrEFGPyayOI&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Hibernate Tip How to map a Boolean to YN
https://youtu.be/DHzWtX2qUwQ&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Hibernate Tip How to map native query results to a POJO
https://youtu.be/RwUo3poapGs&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Hibernate Tip How to select a specific subclass from an inheritance hierarchy
https://youtu.be/SZ7MclroTIA&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Hibernate Tip How to use an ORDER BY clause in a CriteriaQuery
https://youtu.be/xwbVKLxJno4&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Hibernate Tip Permanently remove records when using soft delete
https://youtu.be/hWGHr-ClkRs&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

How to generate UUIDs as primary keys with Hibernate
https://youtu.be/bFdMrNwBFo4&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

How to Parse a String into an EntityGraph with Hibernate 5.4
https://youtu.be/jJl71UsChdM&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Lazily load non-relational attributes in a portable way with JPA & Hibernate
https://youtu.be/Rd3vxo_dM7Q&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Using jOOQ with Hibernate A Match Made in Heaven
https://youtu.be/2LH_miNH7h0&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Why you should avoid CascadeType.REMOVE for to-many associations and what to do instead
https://youtu.be/GFy8dJNCRcY&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W
Videos 26-50