
Aleksey Shipilev - String Enhancements in JDK 9
https://youtu.be/_evzaAkd594

Aleksey ShipilÃ«v on Compact Strings
https://youtu.be/wIyeOaitmWM

Amira Lakhal - IoT, Timeseries, and Prediction
https://youtu.be/lH3hNU13QX4

Baruch Sadogursky on Software Module Hell
https://youtu.be/sK_AO1P99Gs

Charles Nutter on JRuby 9000
https://youtu.be/-wT9DqrPmrY

Erica Stanley about Women Who Code
https://youtu.be/kmLbmK_QXjE

Jennifer Tong on Open Data and BigQuery
https://youtu.be/8DJ6cg7ik5Q

JUG Berlin-Brandenburg NightHacking
https://youtu.be/T3AnECbXoow

JUG Dortmund NightHacking - JAX-RS
https://youtu.be/igrGLREO_cQ

JUG Dortmund NightHacking - RetroPi
https://youtu.be/Ca3-_D2bau0

JUG Dortmund NightHacking Intro
https://youtu.be/OAfSGdiTEL4

JUG Hannover NightHacking
https://youtu.be/w6xr_OE9mLc

Katharina Probst on the Netflix API
https://youtu.be/33BEV9MW9-0

Katherine Stanley - Testing Microservices
https://youtu.be/gi714Hcdfj8

Koffi Sessi on Developer Training
https://youtu.be/q9nkm2Z1oKw

Lars Albertsson - Data pipelines
https://youtu.be/888ApSPzuxo

Mark Heckler - Renewable Energy in the Cloud
https://youtu.be/Nz-WfKG2ny8

Markus Eisele on Java EE and Microservices
https://youtu.be/uTVWweKHVyw

Martin Thompson on Predictable Latency
https://youtu.be/5q5Zd8v9SEI

Michael Minella & Glenn Renfro Discussing On Demand Processing
https://youtu.be/ANdazNGY0nk

Simon Ritter on Struct-Like Performance in Java
https://youtu.be/ju2xsbJ07ug

Stuart Marks on Java 9
https://youtu.be/57pOpbmfA9M

Sven Peters on Development Automation and Coding Culture
https://youtu.be/rbt9UpQNEkY

Viktor Gamov on In-Memory Data Grids
https://youtu.be/lgabhNr6LqM

Vinicius and Yara Senger - IoT Surfboard
https://youtu.be/EmVpKOrrsEI
Videos 251-275