
A Note On Java EE Testing
https://youtu.be/x4Fxur-0SB0&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs9j21E_xHMzaR4EGcCiKssC

Configuring Thread Pools in Java EE 7 with Porcupine
https://youtu.be/4M1EJntwjk8&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs9j21E_xHMzaR4EGcCiKssC

Custom Managed Thread Pools and Java EE 7
https://youtu.be/20KVZ0ZnCl4&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs9j21E_xHMzaR4EGcCiKssC

Dependency Injection ...and there is no magic
https://youtu.be/WL5bqoXFBWg&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs9j21E_xHMzaR4EGcCiKssC

High Performance Java EE
https://youtu.be/Nyq4vcEB6oc&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs9j21E_xHMzaR4EGcCiKssC

Increasing Code Coverage Metrics--without testing trivial methods -)
https://youtu.be/B88kyMJAO6M&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs9j21E_xHMzaR4EGcCiKssC

Java EE, Thin WARs And The Docker Image Size
https://youtu.be/hoqJdH87e7g&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs9j21E_xHMzaR4EGcCiKssC

Lightweight Java EE
https://youtu.be/p4uSu_NvwCE&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs9j21E_xHMzaR4EGcCiKssC

Live-Coding No-Ceremony Microservices
https://youtu.be/qQtF-Ks0c5U&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs9j21E_xHMzaR4EGcCiKssC

Memory Footprint TomEE vs. Tomcat on Docker
https://youtu.be/8iY_K4vuDhM&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs9j21E_xHMzaR4EGcCiKssC

Mocking Without Interfaces
https://youtu.be/Wi6NiswzxpY&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs9j21E_xHMzaR4EGcCiKssC

Payara Micro And Docker
https://youtu.be/8Da5jOMaNtk&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs9j21E_xHMzaR4EGcCiKssC

Project LightFish--Java EE Telemetry For GlassFish
https://youtu.be/9nU6Oubx0tQ&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs9j21E_xHMzaR4EGcCiKssC

Pushing Java EE 78 To Oracle Container Cloud Service
https://youtu.be/6cVHeEeKLSI&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs9j21E_xHMzaR4EGcCiKssC

Pushing Java EE Thin WARs To The Clouds
https://youtu.be/0AJyZ9i915k&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs9j21E_xHMzaR4EGcCiKssC

Quarkus Dependency Injection--Behind The Scenes
https://youtu.be/fH-GbXAnoec&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs9j21E_xHMzaR4EGcCiKssC

Running A Stock Java EE Application On Docker
https://youtu.be/P6Bk3Eiz3kE&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs9j21E_xHMzaR4EGcCiKssC

The Cost Of An Empty Transaction
https://youtu.be/tIO0tchEV4U&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs9j21E_xHMzaR4EGcCiKssC

The Memory Usage of Java EE 7 Application Servers Running On Docker
https://youtu.be/i-r9bU3y3Y0&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs9j21E_xHMzaR4EGcCiKssC

The Overhead Of Java EE Application Servers
https://youtu.be/OSERh3l1vK8&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs9j21E_xHMzaR4EGcCiKssC

Thin WARs, Java EE 7, Docker and Productivity
https://youtu.be/5N4EUDhrkec&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs9j21E_xHMzaR4EGcCiKssC

Unorthodox Enterprise Practices
https://youtu.be/uWfrDg9EPS0&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs9j21E_xHMzaR4EGcCiKssC

What Is Faster EJBs or CDI
https://youtu.be/6Gm0u9gX56w&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs9j21E_xHMzaR4EGcCiKssC

What is OpenLiberty's MP Memory Footprint
https://youtu.be/s3dh0dHXg6g&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs9j21E_xHMzaR4EGcCiKssC
myth busters