
Alec MacQueen - Python and GraphQL
https://youtu.be/LxoKPGvMXf0&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Alex Grönholm - Automating testing and deployment with Github and Travis
https://youtu.be/btqFjNDdTlE&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Andy Fundinger - A Taxonomy of Decorators A E
https://youtu.be/pEL1THG6ysY&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Ben Nuttall - Programming paradigms for physical computing and IoT
https://youtu.be/pRtpXzS2Weo&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Chase Stevens - Exploring the Python AST Ecosystem
https://youtu.be/Yq3wTWkoaYY&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Douglas Finch - Air Quality & Python Developing Online Analysis Tools
https://youtu.be/bDvgZ_Yn_FM&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Emmanuelle Delescolle - A tale of refactoring
https://youtu.be/UHF4AG5se1o&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Joshua Lowe - EduBlocks - Making the transition to Python easier!
https://youtu.be/4TqztAPtGY8&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Keith Harrison - Creating a Culture of Software Craftsmanship
https://youtu.be/uif5GnLqjZo&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Kevin Lemagnen - Walking the Random Forest and boosting the trees
https://youtu.be/SbeLVSyO9_E&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Marc Andre Lemburg - EPS General Assembly 2018
https://youtu.be/bQAn8dJFXN8&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Marc Andre Lemburg - EuroPython 2019 Help us build the next edition!
https://youtu.be/_gG79-pZXEo&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Marcel Raas - Change music in two epochs
https://youtu.be/epPFCdEgHxM&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Naomi Ceder - Python Software Foundation Session
https://youtu.be/pSgLazQQdmY&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Neil Gall - System testing with Pytest, Docker, and Flask
https://youtu.be/IZmlkoOO8Mg&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Omar Gutiérrez - From linear algebra to machine learning
https://youtu.be/0GoPTJE7Vms&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Paul Keating - Writing good error messages
https://youtu.be/w02D0rJzAyM&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Pavlin Gergov - How async and await ended up in Python
https://youtu.be/b4I6qWTtXWs&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Petr Viktorin - Bytecodes and stacks A look at CPython’s compiler and its execution model
https://youtu.be/O2lXnayJ-tQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Philip Jones - Quart a asyncio alternative to Flask
https://youtu.be/t8-Y7Kivuu0&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Raphael Pierzina - The Challenges of Maintaining a Popular Open Source Project
https://youtu.be/3pokUifUyWM&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Robert Smallshire - Domain Driven Design Patterns in Python
https://youtu.be/Ru2T4fu3bGQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Sven Hendrik Haase - Rust and Python - Oxidize Your Snake
https://youtu.be/dZ4ETY9Mzws&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Victor Stinner - Python 3 ten years later
https://youtu.be/OHaxQZPKURg&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Vincent Warmerdam, Bas Harenslak - Winning card games with 1000+ CPUs
https://youtu.be/KUvB1hqF2OA&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5
Videos 101-125