
Access Items from a Dictionary in Python (Get) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/c2ejOApfmxs&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Access Items from a Tuple in Python (Indexing, Slicing) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/9DlE-gS6GXg&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Add and Update values from a Dictionary in Python - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/RCRijRfCEDU&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Add and Update Values from a Tuple in Python (Convert into List) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/INHvRWzsrjU&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Check if an Item Exists in a List in Python (IN, NOT IN) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/h-cFWLLmzrk&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Check if an Item Exists in a Tuple in Python (IN, NOT IN) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/Fkse-n2fw0Q&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Check if Item Exists in a Dictionary in Python (IN, NOT IN) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/oTktTVR74xw&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Dictionaries in Python Definition, Syntax & Declaration - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/2bNpc-htQtU&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

How to Create a Dictionary in Python - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/85W3Z81aEAQ&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

How to Create a Tuple in Python (Constructor, Singleton) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/C_juvi3pJgk&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

How to Pack and Unpack a Tuple in Python (+ ValueError) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/jkgcfCiewnU&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Iterate through Items of a Dictionary in Python (FOR Loop) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/JWEF0bwaSew&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Iterate through Items of a List in Python (FOR Loops) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/oSHlecoqRzs&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Iterate through Items of a Tuple in Python (FOR Loops + Enumerate) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/wsvmJ-GInlg&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

List Items from a Dictionary in Python (Keys, Values, Items) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/5fLBMNnLIbg&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Merge and Sort Items of a Tuple in Python - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/xXIzFFjkf9Y&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Merge two Dictionaries in Python (Update) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/L_2Pcg-VPhM&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Merge two Lists in Python (Extend, Assignment Operator) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/8-H-wIEbmjw&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Nested Lists in Python (Overview) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/Z2ip3ETqn8g&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Remove an Item from a Tuple in Python (Convert into List) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/9Ac72mDpNtM&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Remove Item from Dictionary in Python (Pop, Popitem, Del, Clear) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/JpCdkyWJo2g&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Remove Items from a List in Python (Pop, Del, Remove, Clear) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/5JHo7YULXPc&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Sets in Python What is a Set and How to use Sets in Python - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/NaYeHqltROw&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Tuples in Python Definition, Syntax & Advantages (Tuples vs Lists) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/gojV8fKvgHc&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Tuples in Python Practical Exercises (+ Solution) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/ihE5i3iVa00&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z
Videos 76-100