
Angular 1.3 Data Binding, watchers & Lightning talks
https://youtu.be/hFOSXVT-Cps&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Angular Directive Scope Explained & Code Structure
https://youtu.be/ii7J-k661Zg&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Angular-Formly Abstracting Away Complexity
https://youtu.be/jUX2zcSwbRE&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Codementor Office Hours Learning Angular-Formly with Kent C. Dodds
https://youtu.be/FvIj5n7dF2Y&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Componentizing Angular and Connecting to Firebase
https://youtu.be/EmWBbvWJDVY&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

ES6 Demo by Kent C. Dodds
https://youtu.be/_Pn32tTtbuQ&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

ES6 Modules Standard and Syntax - JavaScriptKC meetup recording
https://youtu.be/qi_rLTcXers&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

ES6, Webpack, Karma, and Code Coverage
https://youtu.be/P-1ZZkpEmQA&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Fluent Conf 2016 The First Pull Request - Kent C. Dodds (PayPal)
https://youtu.be/HjgZQeMrw6c&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Improving Application UX with Genie.js
https://youtu.be/lqf5mrrf4ZY&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Intro to AngularJS - Broadcast
https://youtu.be/GmVUw_Efi_M&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

JS@PayPal More than you want to know about ES6 Modules
https://youtu.be/V0YQ0rnh-Hg&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

JSON Powered Forms by Kent C Dodds at NG-NL 2015
https://youtu.be/o90TMDL3OYc&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

JSON Web Tokens and Angular App Performance
https://youtu.be/vIGZxeQUUFU&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Managing an Open Source Project - UtahJS
https://youtu.be/jKI1Kj5VXqE&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Migrating an App to ES6 with Webpack
https://youtu.be/a96r7Tjf0Ps&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

More than you want to know about ES6 Modules @ Learn to Code Websites and Apps Meetup (remote)
https://youtu.be/kTlcu16rSLc&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

ngModelOptions in 5 minutes   Kent C Dodds
https://youtu.be/k3t3ov6xHDw&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

One Direction - Drag Me Down (Karaoke Version)
https://youtu.be/WHLKZDMUR6o&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Open Sourcing Your Stuff - Kent C Dodds
https://youtu.be/Zlu3QvuwruY&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

The Features of ES6
https://youtu.be/aeY6ctvsurs&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Using ReactJS with existing AngularJS codebase
https://youtu.be/AiE4ajXh7dY&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Zero to 60 in Software Development How to Jumpstart Your Career - Forward 4 Web Summit
https://youtu.be/-qPh6I2hfjw&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf
Videos 76-99