
Build a SimEvents Model Assigning Attributes (4 of 7)
https://youtu.be/QDla0aMcQqk

Build a SimEvents Model Attribute Function Block (6 of 7)
https://youtu.be/m4Kz4y0Sr4E

Build a SimEvents Model Entities (2 of 7)
https://youtu.be/QtBUrpjvdCQ

Build a SimEvents Model Overview (1 of 7)
https://youtu.be/Mrh19DXLa5s

Build a SimEvents Model Queues and Servers (3 of 7)
https://youtu.be/UD6ZlYUQt8g

Build a SimEvents Model Timeouts (7 of 7)
https://youtu.be/yCiNYwtKUoE

Build a SimEvents Model Using Attributes (5 of 7)
https://youtu.be/RlV6_P_Maos

Control System Design with Control System Tuning App (Release 2013a)
https://youtu.be/_bnz70ZjpyA

Creating and Modifying Report Generator Setup Files
https://youtu.be/RMuc9Aw3Mi4

Determine the Harmonic Order of a Circuit Envelope Simulation
https://youtu.be/5Xc1SNbjHfg

Find Potential Design Errors Using Model-Based Testing
https://youtu.be/2bO72KEWLNY

Fuzzy Logic Controller in Simulink
https://youtu.be/Z12oK07oFA4

Managing Design Variants in Simulink
https://youtu.be/wVykfeqVhkY

Programming Arduino Uno with Simulink
https://youtu.be/9ttIZoUXCKY

Setting Options for Optimizations
https://youtu.be/g-Qk8mkstYI

Share Your MATLAB Applications Using MATLAB Compiler
https://youtu.be/w9OaphJ8JIg

Using Apps for Phased Array System Design and Analysis
https://youtu.be/vGq4iDycV3k

Using Bode Plots, Part 2 Open Loop Shaping
https://youtu.be/BlS6SwvuiVk

Using Bode Plots, Part 3 Phase and Gain Margins
https://youtu.be/9POY47JXIWo

Using Bode Plots, Part 4 Lead, Lag, PID Controllers
https://youtu.be/Ap8z05aZwYk

Using Bode Plots, Part 5 DC Motor Control Example
https://youtu.be/13HGR4YB2yU

Using Variant Subsystems
https://youtu.be/PE0IsVk3gy4

Variant Configuration Management in Simulink
https://youtu.be/TYP7t8dJJ_0

What is Simulink - Previous Release
https://youtu.be/NiutwnUP-aI

Working at MathWorks
https://youtu.be/Yrb2nfM9pFU
Videos 2151-2175