
[VDZ19] 10 Reasons Why we Love Some APIs and Why we Hate Some Others by Lukas Eder
https://youtu.be/CYniPcoiI5g&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrRCnhTo8DoN_9JAMpZThtW

[VDZ19] A.I. constraint optimization with OptaPlanner by Geoffrey De Smet
https://youtu.be/HmTFUwxOhYs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrRCnhTo8DoN_9JAMpZThtW

[VDZ19] Black Clouds and Silver Linings in Node.js Security by Liran Tal
https://youtu.be/20ymbb8Y19Q&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrRCnhTo8DoN_9JAMpZThtW

[VDZ19] Building microservices with Kotlin and gRPC by Marharyta Nedzelska
https://youtu.be/gDsri-zcD_s&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrRCnhTo8DoN_9JAMpZThtW

[VDZ19] Developing Native Product Vision in Teams and Individuals by   Valerie Andrianova
https://youtu.be/31jWk5JtHCA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrRCnhTo8DoN_9JAMpZThtW

[VDZ19] Don't Walk Away From Complexity, Run by Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/0ruRoW5P9wg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrRCnhTo8DoN_9JAMpZThtW

[VDZ19] Eta lang - Haskell On JVM by Jarek Ratajski
https://youtu.be/7U9rDg4Pfdc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrRCnhTo8DoN_9JAMpZThtW

[VDZ19] Forgetting Passwords like a Pro by Ben Dechrai
https://youtu.be/IV2gvojhrCA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrRCnhTo8DoN_9JAMpZThtW

[VDZ19] Frontend Monoliths Run if you can! by Jonas Bandi and Daniel Wiehl
https://youtu.be/9SG2lI5_t1Q&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrRCnhTo8DoN_9JAMpZThtW

[VDZ19] Graph-based ML for Automated Health Care Services by J. Kindelsberger, A. Fritzen, R. Patra
https://youtu.be/4KYR30ySN3Q&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrRCnhTo8DoN_9JAMpZThtW

[VDZ19] How to secure your Spring apps with Keycloak by Thomas Darimont
https://youtu.be/fdqWr9XPTsM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrRCnhTo8DoN_9JAMpZThtW

[VDZ19] Java in a World of Containers by Matthew Gilliard
https://youtu.be/8SdrYGIM384&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrRCnhTo8DoN_9JAMpZThtW

[VDZ19] Kubernetesize your Java application by Arun Gupta
https://youtu.be/CieoGJCXEE8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrRCnhTo8DoN_9JAMpZThtW

[VDZ19] Lightweight Enterprise Java with MicroProfile by Roberto Cortez
https://youtu.be/_ktK9RmC68c&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrRCnhTo8DoN_9JAMpZThtW

[VDZ19] Meetup Recommendations with Micronaut by Michael Hunger
https://youtu.be/cIMfpWXSBuQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrRCnhTo8DoN_9JAMpZThtW

[VDZ19] New features of Java 12 in action (live coding) by Jonatan Kazmierczak & Marco Molteni
https://youtu.be/aYeSt4jULgY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrRCnhTo8DoN_9JAMpZThtW

[VDZ19] OOP vÌ¶sÌ¶ and FP by Mario Fusco
https://youtu.be/zX2Raw6ro1c&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrRCnhTo8DoN_9JAMpZThtW

[VDZ19] Performance tuning Twitter services with Graal and Machine Learning by Chris Thalinger
https://youtu.be/kLz-DTaYQ3U&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrRCnhTo8DoN_9JAMpZThtW

[VDZ19] Processing big E-voting files with reactive streams by Nils Aellen
https://youtu.be/8ExlfB1G0sI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrRCnhTo8DoN_9JAMpZThtW

[VDZ19] PROGRESSIVE WEB APPS ðŸš€ WITH ANGULAR by Brian Love
https://youtu.be/ZhqJvCtUIV4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrRCnhTo8DoN_9JAMpZThtW

[VDZ19] Service Mesh and Sidecars with Istio and Envoy by Rafael Benevides
https://youtu.be/KLBFR_rUreE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrRCnhTo8DoN_9JAMpZThtW

[VDZ19] Streaming Visualisation by Guido Schmutz
https://youtu.be/vxWtyE_LcDE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrRCnhTo8DoN_9JAMpZThtW

[VDZ19] Taming IoT Data Making Sense of Sensors with SQL Streaming by Hans-Peter Grahsl
https://youtu.be/fqqHG3pT5xQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrRCnhTo8DoN_9JAMpZThtW

[VDZ19] The Dark Side of Java 8 - Lessons Learned by Grzegorz Piwowarek
https://youtu.be/YVhc6E_GJ1E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrRCnhTo8DoN_9JAMpZThtW

[VDZ19] Welcome Voxxed Days ZÃ¼rich by Federico Yankelevich & Patrick Baumgartner
https://youtu.be/0VhzAt-GW2o&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrRCnhTo8DoN_9JAMpZThtW
Videos 1-25