
Lecture 10 Destructor in C++ Part 1
https://youtu.be/_P1YRBOtioE&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 11 Operator overloading in C++ Part 1 Hindi
https://youtu.be/bxSFAmzH8ps&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 11 Operator Overloading in C++ Part 2 Hindi
https://youtu.be/HH5olQfQiRM&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 11 Operator Overloading in C++ Part 3Hindi
https://youtu.be/m4diqu_dzHE&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 12  Friend Function in C++ Part 4 Hindi
https://youtu.be/3DVtiY95i5s&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 12 Friend Function in C++ Part 1Hindi
https://youtu.be/r7TefKf6NWs&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 12 Friend Function in C++ Part 2 Hindi
https://youtu.be/irNjJ1vB2YE&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 12 Friend Function in C++ Part 3 Hindi
https://youtu.be/fgrWYaSG94c&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 12 Friend Function in C++ Part 5 Hindi
https://youtu.be/n2FwR-gjTWw&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 12 Friend Function in C++ Part 6 Hindi
https://youtu.be/RiYZ0VC7rOk&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 13 Inheritance in C++ Part 1 hindi
https://youtu.be/K62XuFHUcOA&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 13 Inheritance in C++ Part 2 Hindi
https://youtu.be/UO9NyX_MNTU&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 13 Inheritance in C++ Part 3 Hindi
https://youtu.be/g0EGFSzba6k&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 14 Constructor and Destructor in Inheritance in C++ Part 1 Hindi
https://youtu.be/r3O9bvuRgX0&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 15 this pointer in C++ Part 1 Hindi
https://youtu.be/UPVl-6FrDQA&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 16 new and delete in C++ Part 1Hindi
https://youtu.be/sRBB_qX4lKY&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 17 Method Overriding in C++ Part 1 Hindi
https://youtu.be/qwC8ycPZeAw&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 18 Virtual Function in C++ Part 1 Hindi
https://youtu.be/cUCy2ENJjW8&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 18 Virtual Function in C++ Part 2 Hindi
https://youtu.be/Z_FiER8aAqM&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 19 Abstract Class in C++ Part 1 Hindi
https://youtu.be/0IR_D1qZy2g&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 20 Template in C++ Part 1 Hindi
https://youtu.be/xNBWR_uFqQ8&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 20 Template in C++ Part 2 Hindi
https://youtu.be/KvINVoZqXVE&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 21 File Handling in C++ Part 1 Hindi
https://youtu.be/CpFx-5J7D7s&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 21 File Handling in C++ Part 2 Hindi
https://youtu.be/tc7CjrhdAaY&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 9 Constructor in C++ Part 3 Hindi
https://youtu.be/6MZr5e-SUxM&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF
Videos 26-50