
[151] NPC State Alert - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/ChvF2m1vXr4

[152] NPC State Pursue - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/vVdV2SH1bIw

[153] NPC State Flee - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/dXJgvNuGRXQ

[154] NPC State Follow - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/yjEJ3ExTKXk

[155] NPC State Melee Attack - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/zIfxstifiJY

[156] NPC State Range Attack - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/NBS-9FD4vCg

[157] NPC State Struck - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/G42nyq6aWsI

[158] NPC State Investigate Harm - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/NstNua-LiZ4

[159] NPC Animations - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/ExOvaiMnlbA

[160] Edit Golem Controller - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/_DWQ3fOuWms

[161] NPC Health - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/mIUebhkXeyg

[162] Improve NPC State Melee Attack - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/o9AqSAW-w1k

[163] NPC Turn Off Animator - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/yAV73ND-qog

[164] NPC Turn Off Nav Mesh Agent - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/V7yBfGEKw9M

[165] NPC Turn Off State Pattern - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/AkG_Ph31c2g

[166] NPC Take Damage - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/5Ib8MwjCUP8

[167] NPC Collision Field - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/CIFuOdj6g6A

[168] NPC Ragdoll Activation - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/3NxxDvYQRHs

[169] NPC Drop Items - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/UhBzGDjSnF0

[170] Change To Item Master - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/x6M67QdLO4U

[171] NPC Head Look - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/w3dqwZ8Kpb0

[172] NPC Hold Range Weapon - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/V2OHIdSyt2s

[173] Gun Script Improvements - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/2uOzGt3tAU4

[174] Gun NPC Input - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/tFxgFa6Enrg

[1] GTGD S3 How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/lRzDyY5G0uY
Videos 76-100