
2016 -  ?Static Analysis and Perl? - Stevan Little
https://youtu.be/T6igWSZrxDE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Basic OO in Perl 6? - Dave Rolsky
https://youtu.be/7mkmZVIizFY&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - big data on little linux - Daniel Sterling
https://youtu.be/QG9FIFKDKOU&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Cutting Some Slack Decoding IRC? - VM Brasseur
https://youtu.be/O4T5_KVHL2I&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Everyone's a Critic A Constructive Look at perlcritic? - D. Ruth Bavousett
https://youtu.be/EXPElOT2fRE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - GeoParserText - Geocoding locations Parsed from Text.?  - Ervin Ruci
https://youtu.be/hshprKTodEA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Getting started with modern web development in Perl? - Gabor Szabo
https://youtu.be/oAkasBMJJ18&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Getting the Most out of Travis CI for Perl - Doug Bell
https://youtu.be/QeY3ucrjnxc&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Happy Campers Lessons Learned from Scouting's Premier Leadership Course?- Chris Prather
https://youtu.be/Yl0ZVJZyJwo&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - On The Shoulders Of Giants - Damian Conway
https://youtu.be/Nq2HkAYbG5o&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - PONAPI Let's REST? - Mickey Nasriachi
https://youtu.be/pQTt0yWgKUY&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Practical Consistency? -  David Golden
https://youtu.be/hTAedFCex2A&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Stranger in a Strange Land PostgreSQL for MySQL users - Josh Lavin
https://youtu.be/sH41r_MOSH0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Strategies for leading a remote team? - Logan Bell
https://youtu.be/uW4UX8UBAjg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - The best conventions other teams are using that you need to know? - Steve Nolte
https://youtu.be/uBlSGMXr7G8&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - VIM as a Perl IDE? - Damian Conway
https://youtu.be/9u6O0dLuqhI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Welcome to The Perl Conference?  Perl Foundation  SOTV  - Dan Wright
https://youtu.be/73e6quzJU9U&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Why a new CPAN client cpm is fast? - Shoichi Kaji
https://youtu.be/CdpBV8BgPI4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - ?A Million Billion Squiggly Characters? -  Ricardo Signes
https://youtu.be/TmTeXcEixEg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - ?Introduction to Perl Testing? - David Oswald
https://youtu.be/JYGH6I6B6TM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - ?Perl 6 for beginners -- part 1 of 2? - Patrick Michaud
https://youtu.be/ySch4xpoPA0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - ?Perl 6 for beginners -- part 2 of 2? - Patrick Michaud
https://youtu.be/ycLU424NPUw&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - ?Wading Into the Perl Community with the PRC? - Jason Hall
https://youtu.be/1KZB1jV_Ygo&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - ?Writing your own tools for development? - Andrew Fresh
https://youtu.be/tESvLTDSl8E&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 -?Perl's Worst Best Practices? - Daina Pettit
https://youtu.be/Y1I1KcKvz9Q&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT
Videos 1-25