
A Branch in Time (a story about revision histories)
https://youtu.be/1NoNTqank_U&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3dTbvb8fIuzDFGTCaEdO3a

Algorithms to live by and why should we care
https://youtu.be/kxYL0EyYOKw&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3dTbvb8fIuzDFGTCaEdO3a

Building APIs you want to hug with GraphQL
https://youtu.be/lyJebJuG_sk&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3dTbvb8fIuzDFGTCaEdO3a

Cats, The Musical! Algorithmic Song Meow-ification
https://youtu.be/JTNPLwqJIDg&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3dTbvb8fIuzDFGTCaEdO3a

Environment Variables
https://youtu.be/N4hiqGwTRBU&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3dTbvb8fIuzDFGTCaEdO3a

Hacking Your Emotional API
https://youtu.be/OGDRUI8biTc&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3dTbvb8fIuzDFGTCaEdO3a

Harry the Hedgehog Learns You A Communication
https://youtu.be/1R_2MZC81Aw&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3dTbvb8fIuzDFGTCaEdO3a

How to hijack, proxy and smuggle sockets with RackRuby
https://youtu.be/dU7192V1mLI&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3dTbvb8fIuzDFGTCaEdO3a

I Have ADD and So Can - Ooh, Shiny!
https://youtu.be/xX6qLuarYVs&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3dTbvb8fIuzDFGTCaEdO3a

Internet Legislation is Eating the World
https://youtu.be/MDBm6_udqLg&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3dTbvb8fIuzDFGTCaEdO3a

It's Down! Simulating Incidents in Production
https://youtu.be/NYZdambrG_I&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3dTbvb8fIuzDFGTCaEdO3a

Learn to make the point data visualisation strategy
https://youtu.be/4OkoJxR3jdM&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3dTbvb8fIuzDFGTCaEdO3a

Mechanically Confident
https://youtu.be/Btsx9YzhJVM&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3dTbvb8fIuzDFGTCaEdO3a

Pairing with People Who Don't Look Like You
https://youtu.be/A_9v5L01fcs&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3dTbvb8fIuzDFGTCaEdO3a

Representations Count
https://youtu.be/ej-W956YQN0&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3dTbvb8fIuzDFGTCaEdO3a

Taming Monoliths Without Microservices
https://youtu.be/-ovkkvvTiRM&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3dTbvb8fIuzDFGTCaEdO3a

The Case Of The Missing Method - A Ruby Mystery Story
https://youtu.be/aRkHqYDi_wQ&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3dTbvb8fIuzDFGTCaEdO3a

Views, from the top
https://youtu.be/VGWt1OLFzdU&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3dTbvb8fIuzDFGTCaEdO3a

What Could Go Wrong The Subtle Science Of Coding for Failure
https://youtu.be/R7BSwkvGoH0&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3dTbvb8fIuzDFGTCaEdO3a

What the hell is a JRuby
https://youtu.be/qJqC6xm-2PI&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3dTbvb8fIuzDFGTCaEdO3a

What were they thinking
https://youtu.be/KiGbAbjYAjI&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3dTbvb8fIuzDFGTCaEdO3a
RubyConf AU 2019