
5G, 15’ to understand almost everything by Alexis Duque
https://youtu.be/rCTaEdvkODc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Abstractions Without Regret with GraalVM by Thomas Wuerthinger
https://youtu.be/noX2uHA2Udo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Bol.com and the Accelerated Legacy Challenge by Raul Leal
https://youtu.be/iQ6ThO1-Rn4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Deciphering doctor's handwriting with deep learning by Ignaz Wanders
https://youtu.be/uSQ-5ISrGbQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Devoxx 2019 by Stephan Janssen
https://youtu.be/c4ZEikDS0_U&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

How I used to rob banks!  by Freaky Clown
https://youtu.be/55gcGPhM3S8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Introduction to Kusto by Cyril Thirion & Julien Lo Presti
https://youtu.be/UnB5EMQsx4Q&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Java Packaging Tool Create Native Packages to Deploy Java Applications by Kevin Rushforth
https://youtu.be/JWwlGWlgxe0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

JUnit time to shift into 5th gear! Julien Topçu & Juliette de Rancourt
https://youtu.be/Fca8yUIJfd0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Kotlin Mullets - Business in the Front, Party in the Back by Chet Haase & James Ward
https://youtu.be/jaqkfzFuDnU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Mobbing for the Win by Sjoerd Houben
https://youtu.be/prwOJ4-rBVg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Play an acoustic guitar with a Raspberry Pi by Jago de Vreede
https://youtu.be/5XhpFtl1Pj0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Reactive Services in practice with Webflux, Kafka and DynamoDB  by Cléber Silveira & Vinicius Soares
https://youtu.be/E-45naN8ZsQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Real world HTTP performance benchmarking, lessons learned  by Julien Viet
https://youtu.be/2lzvsyoooTk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Running Kafka in Kubernetes a practical guide by Katherine Stanley
https://youtu.be/aO2pv8W6oZU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Swimming pool semaphores by Valentin Deleplace
https://youtu.be/wAMsQUNPMDY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

The Hitchhiker’s Guide to Diversity (Don't panic!) by Audrey Neveu
https://youtu.be/DSzDFZ0Ue1w&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

The time relativity principle by Jakub Marchwicki
https://youtu.be/1sqlOQZeGJw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

THINK ing Big, THINK ing Diverse, THINK ing Forward by Grace Jansen
https://youtu.be/ZvniAg7b8Ck&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Usable software for all by Peter Aichinger & Anna Maier
https://youtu.be/lAiBY23GaQU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Using Open Source Tech to Swap Out Components of Your Data Pipeline by Rustam Mehmandarov
https://youtu.be/RQH1THtfM5g&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Video Analytics for Football games by Sven Degroote
https://youtu.be/171cDTeK3D0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Who melt Chernobyl down by Adriano Spadoni & Anand Shukla
https://youtu.be/x0C0y6Ooy_U&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

You might not need JavaScript classes by Ramón Guijarro
https://youtu.be/1AJsAPszZJ0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Your Program as a Transpiler Applying Compiler Design to Everyday Programming by Edoardo Vacchi
https://youtu.be/x-xTDfyMZCI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q
Videos 76-100