
Private video
https://youtu.be/HZWHM9cU3us&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHnZ3hH3RYFD_rgSGSCcim5

[JSConfEU 2010] Aaron Quint The Front-end Takeover
https://youtu.be/t71ot9nfvUg&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHnZ3hH3RYFD_rgSGSCcim5

[JSConfEU 2010] Alexander Lang Not your unit test
https://youtu.be/bPo5pLDNMJ4&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHnZ3hH3RYFD_rgSGSCcim5

[JSConfEU 2010] Ben Firshman Lessons learnt pushing browsers to the limit
https://youtu.be/2gwxn8Lg910&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHnZ3hH3RYFD_rgSGSCcim5

[JSConfEU 2010] Brendan Eich Proxies are Awesome!
https://youtu.be/sClk6aB_CPk&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHnZ3hH3RYFD_rgSGSCcim5

[JSConfEU 2010] Brian LeRoux PhoneGap - Love the Web and Lose the SDK
https://youtu.be/vXZZ9iR0A6E&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHnZ3hH3RYFD_rgSGSCcim5

[JSConfEU 2010] Chris Williams community.js
https://youtu.be/23Yxji-tEfc&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHnZ3hH3RYFD_rgSGSCcim5

[JSConfEU 2010] Douglas Crockford Loopage
https://youtu.be/IqyFFupJrxw&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHnZ3hH3RYFD_rgSGSCcim5

[JSConfEU 2010] Fabian Jakobs Kick ass code editing and end to end JavaScript debugging
https://youtu.be/hN_7tAKh0dM&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHnZ3hH3RYFD_rgSGSCcim5

[JSConfEU 2010] Felix Geisendörfer Dirty NoSQL
https://youtu.be/NSY3y8-ktIE&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHnZ3hH3RYFD_rgSGSCcim5

[JSConfEU 2010] Guillermo Rauch Socket.IO - WebSockets for everyone
https://youtu.be/rEk_eIpBuEY&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHnZ3hH3RYFD_rgSGSCcim5

[JSConfEU 2010] Jed Schmidt Getting Functional with (fab)
https://youtu.be/ViQ8kiLtDXc&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHnZ3hH3RYFD_rgSGSCcim5

[JSConfEU 2010] Jenn Lukas JavaScript + Web Standards II The Quickening
https://youtu.be/MXJ0WzAdGII&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHnZ3hH3RYFD_rgSGSCcim5

[JSConfEU 2010] Jens Arps The hitchhiker's guide to client side persistent data storage
https://youtu.be/tOz1s07zie4&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHnZ3hH3RYFD_rgSGSCcim5

[JSConfEU 2010] Joe McCann Rapid Prototyping for Multiple Platforms with JavaScript
https://youtu.be/8xig1-cU04g&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHnZ3hH3RYFD_rgSGSCcim5

[JSConfEU 2010] John-David Dalton Srsly R1pp3d J@vaScript
https://youtu.be/kuF4TRw6gcw&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHnZ3hH3RYFD_rgSGSCcim5

[JSConfEU 2010] Kevin Dangoor, Joe Walker, Patrick Walton Bespin
https://youtu.be/_a4gkE1IQJw&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHnZ3hH3RYFD_rgSGSCcim5

[JSConfEU 2010] Kris Kowal CommonJS, I Promise
https://youtu.be/IbDF3UdgOb0&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHnZ3hH3RYFD_rgSGSCcim5

[JSConfEU 2010] Mikeal Rogers node.js + CouchDB == Crazy Delicious
https://youtu.be/3A4rUZiIQ5w&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHnZ3hH3RYFD_rgSGSCcim5

[JSConfEU 2010] Nicolas Garcia Belmonte Creating Interactive Data Visualizations for the Web
https://youtu.be/lJ549fRcDZ4&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHnZ3hH3RYFD_rgSGSCcim5

[JSConfEU 2010] Nicole Sullivan CSS Lint for Massive Sites
https://youtu.be/fampLn_i7Co&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHnZ3hH3RYFD_rgSGSCcim5

[JSConfEU 2010] Nikolai Onken & Jörn Zaefferer Robotic JavaScript
https://youtu.be/cZ7JjaN9uBk&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHnZ3hH3RYFD_rgSGSCcim5

[JSConfEU 2010] Paul Bakaus Aves Engine High performance browser games
https://youtu.be/UuKoSYVKCIA&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHnZ3hH3RYFD_rgSGSCcim5

[JSConfEU 2010] Paul Irish The State of HTML5 - Inaugural Address
https://youtu.be/U1gkXAxo-DI&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHnZ3hH3RYFD_rgSGSCcim5

[JSConfEU 2010] Pete LePage Chakra - Building A New JavaScript Engine For Internet Explorer 9
https://youtu.be/2Yfeit8qwLs&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHnZ3hH3RYFD_rgSGSCcim5
Videos 1-25