
A Deep-Dive Into Python Classes
https://youtu.be/7IIxc4yNo6M&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

django-rdflib and postgresql - the best of both worlds
https://youtu.be/zP7p_wbOjbw&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

django-rdflib e postgresql - il meglio dei due mondi
https://youtu.be/ujP5LiQdgyI&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Emulating Stackless and greenlet with each other
https://youtu.be/rR0EZhe_UZk&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Introduction to Python Database Programming
https://youtu.be/43lq4qZDEOE&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

plac more than just another command-line arguments parser
https://youtu.be/vM9DUUz7Fa8&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Social Network Analysis in Python
https://youtu.be/QYadUMKQI3Q&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Source code processing with Python
https://youtu.be/tjF5jLD31kQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Spatial data and GeoDjango
https://youtu.be/wWzc-gn8IOU&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Spotify and Python love at first sight
https://youtu.be/GZ9DzDJCe90&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Spotify Horizontal scalability for great success
https://youtu.be/BBAfIYpDMX4&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Sqlkit empowering database access
https://youtu.be/7oWykWu_5z4&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

sqlmap - security development in Python
https://youtu.be/1E4GPmuLs9k&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

The Art of Subclassing
https://youtu.be/yrboy25WKGo&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

The development process of Python
https://youtu.be/JuH4ZpoZBYM&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

The London Python Code Dojo - an Education in Developer Education
https://youtu.be/qpTAKS2jqZE&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

The Myth of the Genius Programmer
https://youtu.be/IY96mgfZ_TM&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

The political implications of having fun (while programming open source)
https://youtu.be/B5V7fWST3H0&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Ubuntu and the opportunistic programming
https://youtu.be/3iqlzW8C3gw&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Using Storm to work with SQL databases
https://youtu.be/JC5QqVWA8Vo&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

uWSGI, il coltellino svizzero (di MacGyver) del deploy
https://youtu.be/E5POYrUawW8&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Visualization and Analysis of Large Scale Datasets with Python
https://youtu.be/4fHnMecFIyw&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

What is Google App Engine
https://youtu.be/tT7nNx6ahhA&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

What makes Python so AWESOME
https://youtu.be/U1r2nsd5wsQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Writing Books using Python & Open Source Software
https://youtu.be/1QTMeb9m_lE&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH
Videos 76-100