
Alison Hill & Desirée De Leon  How to Get Your Materials Online With R Markdown  RStudio (2020)
https://youtu.be/QcE4RBH2auQ&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oSY5FLF37Vyk2DZuNSfQxUI

Greg Wilson  Teaching Online at Short Notice  RStudio (2020)
https://youtu.be/-2enQV3Dfng&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oSY5FLF37Vyk2DZuNSfQxUI

Kate Hertweck  R training and documentation for different levels of expertise  RStudio
https://youtu.be/wGrKbsagVtg&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oSY5FLF37Vyk2DZuNSfQxUI

Mine Çetinkaya-Rundel   Feedback at scale  RStudio
https://youtu.be/cgiKP7pZWKo&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oSY5FLF37Vyk2DZuNSfQxUI

Mine Çetinkaya-Rundel  Teaching R online with RStudio Cloud  RStudio (2020)
https://youtu.be/Fja5DIN3uTw&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oSY5FLF37Vyk2DZuNSfQxUI

Riva Quiroga  Learning to program in R with a communicative approach  RStudio
https://youtu.be/WlSRI22kpdg&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oSY5FLF37Vyk2DZuNSfQxUI

RStudio Cloud  Creating a Shared Space  Instructor View
https://youtu.be/BDhUm-96uyk&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oSY5FLF37Vyk2DZuNSfQxUI

RStudio Cloud  Creating an Assignment  Instructor View
https://youtu.be/6QfhW9DeVvw&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oSY5FLF37Vyk2DZuNSfQxUI

RStudio Cloud  Exporting Projects  Instructor View
https://youtu.be/4jm8q74gRnc&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oSY5FLF37Vyk2DZuNSfQxUI

RStudio Cloud  Invite Learners  Instructor View
https://youtu.be/ghUwQc7_4Wc&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oSY5FLF37Vyk2DZuNSfQxUI

RStudio Cloud  Inviting Co-instructors and Teaching Assistants  Instructor View
https://youtu.be/-uFpynLYuxo&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oSY5FLF37Vyk2DZuNSfQxUI

RStudio Cloud  Overview  Instructor View
https://youtu.be/VV_3MvJmwG4&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oSY5FLF37Vyk2DZuNSfQxUI

RStudio Cloud  Project Types  Instructor View
https://youtu.be/UDuuE6eDNrA&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oSY5FLF37Vyk2DZuNSfQxUI

RStudio Cloud  Reusing a Workspace  Instructor View
https://youtu.be/f_QRYIBcEvQ&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oSY5FLF37Vyk2DZuNSfQxUI

RStudio Cloud  Roles  Instructor View
https://youtu.be/dmuy7CuMevA&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oSY5FLF37Vyk2DZuNSfQxUI

RStudio Cloud  Setting Up a Base Project  Instructor View
https://youtu.be/Cs___eT4v-0&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oSY5FLF37Vyk2DZuNSfQxUI

RStudio Cloud  Troubleshooting  Instructor View
https://youtu.be/yAy2VOU2w18&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oSY5FLF37Vyk2DZuNSfQxUI

RStudio Cloud  Tuning Resources  Instructor View
https://youtu.be/hJ9qGMY7UD4&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oSY5FLF37Vyk2DZuNSfQxUI

RStudio Cloud  Viewing Learning Work  Instructor View
https://youtu.be/IyRvnbKACHI&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oSY5FLF37Vyk2DZuNSfQxUI

RStudio Cloud  {rscloud} Package  Instructor View
https://youtu.be/OWM53BCcBCw&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oSY5FLF37Vyk2DZuNSfQxUI

Teaching and learning with RStudio Cloud  RStudio
https://youtu.be/gCZ7oueZw6Q&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oSY5FLF37Vyk2DZuNSfQxUI

Yanina Bellini Saibene  On programming, teaching, and building tutorials with learnr  RStudio
https://youtu.be/EBAvQkP9Kyc&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oSY5FLF37Vyk2DZuNSfQxUI
Teaching