
Big Game Dev  Refactoring your code is a necessary evil
https://youtu.be/VaFnu7PLY5E

Construct feature sneak peek 3D!
https://youtu.be/IUfEKJEBPnA

Construct Twitch Jam  More quick gamedev madness!
https://youtu.be/sJ_sOnGIKcU

Construct Twitch Jam  Turns out you CAN make a 'game' in 75 minutes
https://youtu.be/XNVCdE1YN-0

Getting to know Construct 3  The Layers Bar
https://youtu.be/SvAj2kmXtM8

Getting to know Construct 3  The Main Menu
https://youtu.be/7dHh8IBrUsQ

Getting to know Construct 3  The Project Bar
https://youtu.be/MP9HIHSGzJ0

Getting to know Construct 3  The Properties Bar
https://youtu.be/6h2QL-x_guc

Getting to know Construct 3  The User Interface
https://youtu.be/1WRUqIT_Fb8

Make a Thing  Building an idleclicker game  Part One
https://youtu.be/bhVOe_dBRPY

Make a Thing  Building an idleclicker game  Part Two
https://youtu.be/YvkMJ73Csjc

Make a Thing  Endless Runner Game
https://youtu.be/Kg6rQB-v5u0

What's new in Construct 3 r189
https://youtu.be/1OEhd1fHeiw

What's new in Construct 3 r197
https://youtu.be/VT0WWkDUKs0

What's new in Construct 3 r204
https://youtu.be/g2QbrLe9GI4

What's new in Construct 3 r210
https://youtu.be/lnum65w9j_Q

What's new in Construct 3 r218
https://youtu.be/jbyuYKiRb6o

What's new in Construct 3 r225
https://youtu.be/NIUwKAjTd6M

What's new in Construct 3 r234
https://youtu.be/jl7nwJXRcdQ

What's new in Construct 3 r241
https://youtu.be/rhdDi-J_W9s

What's new in Construct 3 r251
https://youtu.be/FmvJf038ckY

What's new in Construct 3 r260
https://youtu.be/clIdpR-mbfU

What's new in Construct 3 r268
https://youtu.be/QilFD9BlBmk

What's new in Construct 3 r276
https://youtu.be/MMXaNok1D_A

What's new in Construct 3 r285
https://youtu.be/b9_pAedRyFU
Videos 1-25