
Introduction of Shiny Web Application Framework in R  How to make shiny apps
https://youtu.be/sJl0EE_RE4o

R Programming Creating and adding calculated column to dataset  dataframe Dataset and Dataframe
https://youtu.be/CsFRM1_heM4

R Programming Creating bins or ranges from numeric data in R Programming   R Bins  R Ranges
https://youtu.be/Ik0R_H__LZ4

R Programming Creating Joins on Datasets or Data frames Datasets Data Frames
https://youtu.be/tiFMmnoDzzc

R Programming Hypothesis testing in theory R  Hypothesis testing theory
https://youtu.be/RV8h9B4BV8k

R Programming Identifying duplicate rows in dataset and removing them
https://youtu.be/LKoknpFOEUw

R Programming Removing NA values from Dataset in R Removing NA values from Dataframes in R
https://youtu.be/N6wrEULE6M0

R Programming Sorting and Ordering data - R Programming  R Sorting  R Ordering Data
https://youtu.be/pBEvB62FDaQ

R Programming Tutorail  Shiny Button Object with eventReactive  How to make shiny apps
https://youtu.be/wxT2ZmJqGAY

R Programming Tutorial  Automating Bar Chart in Shiny  How to make shiny apps
https://youtu.be/BQK8Pw1wVUo

R Programming Tutorial  Creating Data Tables in Shiny  How to make shiny apps
https://youtu.be/AFau9WJbZj4

R Programming Tutorial  Creating histogram in Shiny  How to make shiny apps
https://youtu.be/hb_XAIBzplE

R Programming Tutorial  DataFrame and Matrix aggregation functions in R  R Programming
https://youtu.be/Mc2eNpOS530

R Programming Tutorial Combining multiple datasets in R  R Multiple Datasets
https://youtu.be/_qJpnrvYbK4

R Programming Tutorial Exploring Apply function in Greater details R Apply Function
https://youtu.be/3RXJhMq9jFY

R Programming Tutorial Exporting R Object Data in MS Excel How to Export Data from R to excel
https://youtu.be/HOfT6IZnsCc

R Programming Tutorial Fetching Data from Vector & Matrix R Vector R Matrix
https://youtu.be/AWeAs622y6s

R Programming Tutorial Importing excel data in R How to import Data from Excel to R
https://youtu.be/UhEJzKFXoHA

R Programming Tutorial Interpretation of statisitcal terms in Linear Regression
https://youtu.be/QuXN9oKL48Y

R Programming Tutorial R analysis output in Excel or Text File R Output Analysis
https://youtu.be/H5ndzt2xciw

R Programming Tutorial R Apply family functions Family Functions in R
https://youtu.be/pS4AkSBomBo

R Programming Tutorial Simple Linear Regression in R R Function
https://youtu.be/vFPqCPsN5FA

R Programming Tutorial Ways to get help in R  R Help Help Function in R
https://youtu.be/unTjebI7mNw

R Programming TutorialHow to install and use packages in R Install R Packages Use R Packages
https://youtu.be/IW1eY2lt2ds

R Shiny Tutorial HTML Tags in Shiny  R Programming Tutorial  How to make shiny apps
https://youtu.be/yfr2ZzktUL0
Videos 851-875