
Building Web Component with Java EE 8 Backend
https://youtu.be/ztGJUPsWMHs&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_UDzdJWgI5TUOpPjgYxMQA

Code Shrinking Techniques with Jakarta EE and MicroProfile #slideless - Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/FKYetddHz1E&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_UDzdJWgI5TUOpPjgYxMQA

Deploying a ThinWAR to OpenShift with Payara and S2I
https://youtu.be/_23CgD7bsUc&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_UDzdJWgI5TUOpPjgYxMQA

HTTP2 Push with Servlets 4.0 and Java EE 8
https://youtu.be/AGXA0P0s3ko&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_UDzdJWgI5TUOpPjgYxMQA

Jakarta EE + MicroProfile Archetype Setup, Build, Deploy
https://youtu.be/PQ-IRKK_lA4&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_UDzdJWgI5TUOpPjgYxMQA

Jakarta EE + MicroProfile Quickstarter
https://youtu.be/8w_a-yEl2Wg&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_UDzdJWgI5TUOpPjgYxMQA

Java EE 8  Kickstarter -- The Simplest Possible Project
https://youtu.be/89htW1ToTVs&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_UDzdJWgI5TUOpPjgYxMQA

Java EE 8 on Java 9 with OpenLiberty
https://youtu.be/P9MiXzM9-IM&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_UDzdJWgI5TUOpPjgYxMQA

Java EE 8 with JAX-RS 2.1 Async Resource with RX Client
https://youtu.be/IcM903F8-X4&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_UDzdJWgI5TUOpPjgYxMQA

JAX-RS with MicroProfile Reactive Messaging #slideless
https://youtu.be/6VGLl3qktVQ&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_UDzdJWgI5TUOpPjgYxMQA

JSF 2.3 and HTTP2 Push
https://youtu.be/h710rEj3Mls&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_UDzdJWgI5TUOpPjgYxMQA

JSON-B with Java 14 Records
https://youtu.be/q5ELQJ_3FB0&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_UDzdJWgI5TUOpPjgYxMQA

JSON-B with JAX-RS and Java EE 8
https://youtu.be/XDi3UYwauFI&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_UDzdJWgI5TUOpPjgYxMQA

Lightning fast builds and deployments with ThinWARs
https://youtu.be/_c8ZkSSpdWI&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_UDzdJWgI5TUOpPjgYxMQA

MicroProfile and ConfigMaps
https://youtu.be/uH94zBJYmpQ&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_UDzdJWgI5TUOpPjgYxMQA

MicroProfile REST Client Tests with Quarkus
https://youtu.be/RLkvFT537_4&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_UDzdJWgI5TUOpPjgYxMQA

Modern Web - Like Java EE #slideless #usetheplatform
https://youtu.be/5wPg3jY62jo&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_UDzdJWgI5TUOpPjgYxMQA

Quarkus vs. WildFly -- The Request  Second Perspective
https://youtu.be/-1wijnrTxs0&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_UDzdJWgI5TUOpPjgYxMQA

Receiving Server Sent Events with plain, vanilla JavaScript client
https://youtu.be/qQLVCgmiMgQ&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_UDzdJWgI5TUOpPjgYxMQA

The Lightweight Stuff #slideless
https://youtu.be/dNpUF1OZQGM&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_UDzdJWgI5TUOpPjgYxMQA

Using Java EE 8 Dependency Injection in Java SE
https://youtu.be/lyuU24ZFlY4&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_UDzdJWgI5TUOpPjgYxMQA

WebComponents and Java Server Pages (JSPs)
https://youtu.be/4viMS8GZmGU&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_UDzdJWgI5TUOpPjgYxMQA

What is OpenLiberty's MP Memory Footprint
https://youtu.be/s3dh0dHXg6g&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_UDzdJWgI5TUOpPjgYxMQA

Writing and Reading with JSON-B
https://youtu.be/0uOmZ2FTPaA&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_UDzdJWgI5TUOpPjgYxMQA
Videos 1-25