
2D Animation in Unity (Tutorial)
https://youtu.be/hkaysu1Z-N8&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

2D Camera in Unity (Cinemachine Tutorial)
https://youtu.be/2jTY11Am0Ig&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

2D Movement in Unity (Tutorial)
https://youtu.be/dwcT-Dch0bA&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

2D Shooting in Unity (Tutorial)
https://youtu.be/wkKsl1Mfp5M&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Basics of Shader Graph - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/Ar9eIn4z6XE&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

DISSOLVE using Unity Shader Graph
https://youtu.be/taMp1g1pBeE&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

HOLOGRAM using Unity Shader Graph
https://youtu.be/KGGB5LFEejg&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

How to Fade Between Scenes in Unity
https://youtu.be/Oadq-IrOazg&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

How to make a 2D Game in Unity
https://youtu.be/on9nwbZngyw&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

MAKE GAMES WITHOUT CODE! - Unity 3D Game Kit
https://youtu.be/qsU4nM0L_n0&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Making of CRAFTY - Ludum Dare 41
https://youtu.be/QkLXhdWq_0A&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Making of SUGAR WARRIOR!
https://youtu.be/AcRuRtBhF2U&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

MODELING IN UNITY! - ProBuilder Tutorial
https://youtu.be/PUSOg5YEflM&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

NEW FANTASY PACKS! Download Now!
https://youtu.be/odLEkNXlWEA&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

NEW FEATURES! - Unity Hub & Templates
https://youtu.be/bcRDJFuyNw4&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

NEW PREFAB WORKFLOWS! - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/6_gAiPPKyUg&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

NEW UNITY UI! - Unite 2018 Recap
https://youtu.be/YxTrUAZQuhs&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

SCULPT, PAINT & TEXTURE in Unity
https://youtu.be/JWAnQiN9Zkw&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

THE FUTURE OF UNITY!
https://youtu.be/WYzC0LlYnt0&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

THIS TOOL IS AWESOME - ProGrids Tutorial
https://youtu.be/UtNvtIrJcNc&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

UNITY GDC KEYNOTE 2018
https://youtu.be/vGBBl7q3YmY&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Unity NavMesh Tutorial - Animated Character
https://youtu.be/blPglabGueM&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Unity Shortcuts you NEED to know!
https://youtu.be/yMqefz8XNC4&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

WE MOVED INTO A NEW STUDIO!
https://youtu.be/BFm5_rDsZL4&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

WHAT'S NEW IN UNITY 2018.3
https://youtu.be/raYkwmxuXEc&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA
Videos 76-100