
Build To Last From Frontend To Backend slideless talk by Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/tgpruknOOfE

Consumer Driven Contracts and Your Microservice Architecture by Marcin Grzejszczak and Josh Long
https://youtu.be/MDydAqL4mYE

Interview with Ana-Maria Mihălceanu at Voxxed Days Bucharest 2017
https://youtu.be/BzWB6kcQjoo

Interview with Andres Almiray at Voxxed Days Bucharest 2017
https://youtu.be/TisChtKEY0c

Interview with Clement Delafargue at Devoxx UK
https://youtu.be/_swMJ-Pken4

Interview with Dmitry Alexandrov at Voxxed Days Bucharest 2017
https://youtu.be/wfFNk2XMg-I

Interview with Dmitry Kandalov at Devoxx UK
https://youtu.be/fYFsUm8EEus

Interview with Helen Beal at Devoxx UK 2017
https://youtu.be/aMgJLAYMBQY

Interview with Jack Shirazi at Devoxx UK 2017
https://youtu.be/bvsebhYgxls

Interview with Koffi Sessi at Devoxx UK 2017
https://youtu.be/ilS8jeR0SQU

Interview with Laurent Victorino at Devoxx UK 2017
https://youtu.be/7RRctpM5SWM

Interview with Mark Paluch at Voxxed Days Bucharest
https://youtu.be/so99JVplY7E

Interview with Michael Hackstein at Voxxed Days Bucharest 2017
https://youtu.be/0fG230tUgjU

Interview with Rafał Leszko at Voxxed Days Bucharest 2017
https://youtu.be/6ergs1eP75M

Interview with Tara Walker at Devoxx UK 2017
https://youtu.be/xkwGp7vJOKA

Interview with Victor Rentea at Voxxed Days Bucharest
https://youtu.be/KFx7A4QF77Y

Interview with Vlad Mihalcea at Voxxed Days Bucharest 2017
https://youtu.be/-m-kXOGjPo8

Interview with Vladimir Dejanovic at Voxxed Days Bucharest 2017
https://youtu.be/U9LPdRfeX6g

Interview with Will May at Devoxx UK 2017
https://youtu.be/Go-A7WdWXhA

Java Performance Puzzlers by Douglas Hawkins
https://youtu.be/wgQBz2Ldhvk

JPA beyond copy paste by Jakub Kubrynski
https://youtu.be/EZwpOLCfuq4

Learning to fly by Krzysztof Kudrynski and Blazej Kubiak
https://youtu.be/UOVT9T64kXI

Polytech Careerism by Ted Neward
https://youtu.be/gf-de7HPA7I

Reactive Spring by Juergen Hoeller and Josh Long
https://youtu.be/TZUZgU6rsNY

Speed without Discipline a Recipe for Disaster by Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/uQ75fI1tqoM
Videos 1701-1725