
Adam Dangoor - But how do you know your mock is valid Verified fakes of web services
https://youtu.be/bYtA1WK7aLM&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Alberto Berti - Get over the boundaries between client and server in web app development
https://youtu.be/saQsCY1MUBM&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Alessandro Molina - Kajiki, the fast and validated template engine you were looking for
https://youtu.be/aHt5-WCaJyA&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Alex Martelli - Testing in Layers
https://youtu.be/VzOOZxuqSVk&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Alexys Jacob - Leveraging consistent hashing in your python applications
https://youtu.be/erINlrgygEk&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Anand Chitipothu - Writing Beautiful Code
https://youtu.be/QIRyr6qvGrY&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Anton Caceres - Using the right Async tool, present day
https://youtu.be/ZXrdqq7nc1I&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Antonio Verardi - Write more decorators (and fewer classes)
https://youtu.be/VLlLIL5ZYLI&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Céline Boudier - Inspiring all children, a journey diversity and computing education
https://youtu.be/UqRR1pG12ao&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Jakub Wasielak - Python Packaging - current state and overview
https://youtu.be/xSbezLCJ87E&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Jan Willem Tulp - How to create inspiring data
https://youtu.be/D6kU7kJeX_s&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Ki-Hwan Kim - GPU Acceleration of a Global Atmospheric Model using Python based Multi-platform
https://youtu.be/XMcNFBKNWKg&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Kyle Knapp - Serverless Applications with Chalice
https://youtu.be/33-0xdxp9-I&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Leblond Emmanuel - Bringing Python to Godot game engine
https://youtu.be/SK0BtxHROdg&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Leonardo Giordani - Abstract Base Classes a smart use of metaclasses
https://youtu.be/I9nXiJQnGsk&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Lynn Root - Tracing, Fast and Slow Digging into & improving your web service’s performance
https://youtu.be/pprCOMmGnS0&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Michal Wysokinski - Running Python code in parallel and asynchronously
https://youtu.be/ZKzCx4D5c3g&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Nikola Đipanov - How Facebook uses Python to build (and operate) datacenters at scale
https://youtu.be/AJZPSvD19mU&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Patrick Arminio - Django and Graphql
https://youtu.be/9y3zD1UxLZs&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Peter Hoffmann - Infrastructure as Python Code Run your Services on Microsoft Azure
https://youtu.be/w3eCVRsY0Hw&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Piotr Dyba - CyberSecurity.bootcamp()
https://youtu.be/Mu-hWspzdxI&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Sebastian Buczyński - Why you don't need design patterns in Python
https://youtu.be/G5OeYHCJuv0&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Stephane Wirtel - Django From a nightmare to a dream with Best Practices.
https://youtu.be/szclRga-hDk&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Takuro Wada - OpenAPI development with Python
https://youtu.be/OYTtlEUSDBE&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Will Foster - Skynet your Infrastructure with QUADS
https://youtu.be/nT8k3ykGeJQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh
Videos 26-50