
PHP UK Conference 2013 -  KEYNOTE  Aral Balkan - You Are A Designer
https://youtu.be/OMw1-dHxsTE&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF87EepnLeXbZOF9Lnwma8S1

PHP UK Conference 2013 - Alvaro Videla - RabbitMQ Hands On
https://youtu.be/dAzsbZO7nnU&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF87EepnLeXbZOF9Lnwma8S1

PHP UK Conference 2013 - Ben Longden - The Hypermedia API
https://youtu.be/eyiwSePBMUM&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF87EepnLeXbZOF9Lnwma8S1

PHP UK Conference 2013 - Beth Tucker Long - Continuous Integration
https://youtu.be/ny7ysh6y2g0&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF87EepnLeXbZOF9Lnwma8S1

PHP UK Conference 2013 - Beth Tucker Long - Usability for Developers
https://youtu.be/UFDERcO4zNI&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF87EepnLeXbZOF9Lnwma8S1

PHP UK Conference 2013 - Dave Gardner - Planning To Fail
https://youtu.be/hHwNEuTu6rQ&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF87EepnLeXbZOF9Lnwma8S1

PHP UK Conference 2013 - Derick Rethans - OpenStreetMap for the Web
https://youtu.be/L4AGUNjSbdA&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF87EepnLeXbZOF9Lnwma8S1

PHP UK Conference 2013 - Harrie Verveer - Writing Unit Tests Using PHPUnit
https://youtu.be/Jr8jAK86Uf0&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF87EepnLeXbZOF9Lnwma8S1

PHP UK Conference 2013 - Helgi Thorbjoernsson - Cranking Nginx up to 11
https://youtu.be/zrPzkyyDgrk&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF87EepnLeXbZOF9Lnwma8S1

PHP UK Conference 2013 - Jeremy Quinton - The Future of the PHP Development Environment
https://youtu.be/L6qA_djDHDc&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF87EepnLeXbZOF9Lnwma8S1

PHP UK Conference 2013 - Julien Pauli - Help, I'm Running Out of Memory!
https://youtu.be/sm1HUrnsxLI&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF87EepnLeXbZOF9Lnwma8S1

PHP UK Conference 2013 - Juozas Kaziukenas - You Can't Optimize What You Can't Measure
https://youtu.be/-wYUMX9zj9k&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF87EepnLeXbZOF9Lnwma8S1

PHP UK Conference 2013 - KEYNOTE  Martijn Verburg - The Diabolical Developer
https://youtu.be/yuqp5lNPG8w&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF87EepnLeXbZOF9Lnwma8S1

PHP UK Conference 2013 - KEYNOTE PANEL  Frameworks The Good, The Bad and The Ugly
https://youtu.be/ovVLSynGcd8&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF87EepnLeXbZOF9Lnwma8S1

PHP UK Conference 2013 - KEYNOTE PANEL  Open Source in Action
https://youtu.be/wn-Rq9srawA&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF87EepnLeXbZOF9Lnwma8S1

PHP UK Conference 2013 - Lorenzo Alberton - Monitoring at Scale Intuitive Dashboard Design
https://youtu.be/zHSb4NNr_XE&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF87EepnLeXbZOF9Lnwma8S1

PHP UK Conference 2013 - Marcello Duarte - Pair Programming, TDD and Other Impractical Things
https://youtu.be/XcGlVB7MBos&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF87EepnLeXbZOF9Lnwma8S1

PHP UK Conference 2013 - Michael Maclean - Making PHP See
https://youtu.be/BX3l9YudNYQ&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF87EepnLeXbZOF9Lnwma8S1

PHP UK Conference 2013 - Michael Peacock - Refactoring to Symfony Components
https://youtu.be/Aq5Hi6PasFg&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF87EepnLeXbZOF9Lnwma8S1

PHP UK Conference 2013 - Nick Belhomme - PHP Traits, Threat or Treat
https://youtu.be/mussJGZos4w&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF87EepnLeXbZOF9Lnwma8S1

PHP UK Conference 2013 - Phil Leggetter - Realtime Web Apps in the Wild
https://youtu.be/77bFefme4Ng&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF87EepnLeXbZOF9Lnwma8S1

PHP UK Conference 2013 - Rowan Merewood - Coding, Deploying, and Scaling with AWS
https://youtu.be/HFqmmXo85H0&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF87EepnLeXbZOF9Lnwma8S1

PHP UK Conference 2013 - Sara Golemon - PHP Extensions
https://youtu.be/pDk1yx_JycE&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF87EepnLeXbZOF9Lnwma8S1

PHP UK Conference 2013 - Sara Golemon - Scaling with HipHop
https://youtu.be/Dwek7dZDFN0&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF87EepnLeXbZOF9Lnwma8S1

PHP UK Conference 2013 - Sebastian Marek - Ten Commandments of a Software Engineer
https://youtu.be/013jdm0cpCs&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF87EepnLeXbZOF9Lnwma8S1
Videos 1-25