
CockroachDB How to use it with Hibernate
https://youtu.be/04idSDuaTeI&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Composite Repositories Extend your Spring Data JPA Repository
https://youtu.be/tHVyEA8svIg&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Criteria API Migrate from Hibernate to JPA
https://youtu.be/NDPFZ09BjiI&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Database Migration with Spring Boot
https://youtu.be/TMUMWfSS3yw&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

From Monolith to Microservices â€“ Migrating a Persistence Layer
https://youtu.be/LsIcxffIPWc&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Hibernate & Testcontainers A Perfect Match For Your Tests
https://youtu.be/y-lt5JdPjDw&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Hibernate Modeling Self-referencing Associations
https://youtu.be/G1MW35xUWys&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Hibernate Performance Tuning Done Right
https://youtu.be/nMM2TH0VM9o&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Hibernate Query API
https://youtu.be/fRgB4D2wOV8&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Hibernate Query Spaces Optimizing Flush & Cache Operations
https://youtu.be/FG9tnaSPjYY&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Hibernate Reactive Getting Started Guide
https://youtu.be/tizUPOv3Pk4&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Hibernate Speed up Your Query With Parameter Padding
https://youtu.be/4pJMfYH6KZU&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

How to define named queries at runtime with JPA 2.1
https://youtu.be/3rfDrAiVhNQ&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

How to Initialize Entity Associations with Spring Data JPA
https://youtu.be/E8a0H1UIrZQ&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Implementing Batch Jobs with Hibernate
https://youtu.be/COrDelJMWqw&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

JPA & Hibernate - Why, When & How to use DTO Projections
https://youtu.be/_WjUiYQdbm0&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Mapping Arrays with Hibernate
https://youtu.be/E04CuDSZzVc&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Mapping Collections with Hibernate and JPA
https://youtu.be/UVycxHur2mA&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Mapping Definitions in JPA and Hibernate  Annotations, XML or Both
https://youtu.be/2xzHUeQG7eA&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Native Queries with Spring Data JPA
https://youtu.be/AFG8lDX7iUg&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Pagination with JPA and Hibernate
https://youtu.be/p_sFYoJ4A_E&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Private video
https://youtu.be/vEYaE_sYK4E&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Result Set Mapping Complex Mappings
https://youtu.be/kWqdfFs87bY&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

ResultTransformer with Hibernate 4 5 & 6
https://youtu.be/DmlwmeuYxvg&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Ternary Associations Modelling Associations between 3 Entities
https://youtu.be/vCHWem81E5g&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT
Videos 26-50