
Adding MCU Peripheral Modeling in Motor Control Using SoC Blockset
https://youtu.be/fGNM6zF9NnQ&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYCg_v4ZZ6xmJlo3242Asj

Autotuning a Field-Oriented Controller
https://youtu.be/H213IHjhC00&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYCg_v4ZZ6xmJlo3242Asj

Component-Based Modeling in Simulink
https://youtu.be/fLVmzhCltHo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYCg_v4ZZ6xmJlo3242Asj

Data-Free Parameter Pruning and Quantization
https://youtu.be/4xhRcOvHxzY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYCg_v4ZZ6xmJlo3242Asj

Deploy a MATLAB Function as a Standalone Executable on Raspberry Pi Hardware from MATLAB Online
https://youtu.be/khC5DbsPA5c&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYCg_v4ZZ6xmJlo3242Asj

Design an HDL-Optimized MVDR Beamformer with the Linear Algebra Library in Simulink
https://youtu.be/IB945u2Dc5w&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYCg_v4ZZ6xmJlo3242Asj

Designing Software Architectures Using AUTOSAR Blockset
https://youtu.be/Ys7pE2Vs-44&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYCg_v4ZZ6xmJlo3242Asj

Easily Check Data Types in MATLAB Functions and Objects
https://youtu.be/z5KA5VjEkKM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYCg_v4ZZ6xmJlo3242Asj

Enforce Constraints for PID Controllers
https://youtu.be/SLM_yjMHw5o&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYCg_v4ZZ6xmJlo3242Asj

Hand Gesture Recognition Using Machine Learning on Arduino Hardware
https://youtu.be/e4qveZfQPv8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYCg_v4ZZ6xmJlo3242Asj

How to Debug a Property Proving Counterexample
https://youtu.be/B5zTtHcVoxc&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYCg_v4ZZ6xmJlo3242Asj

Implementing a 5G Application on Xilinx RFSoC Using SoC Blockset
https://youtu.be/BS454e2VA-s&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYCg_v4ZZ6xmJlo3242Asj

Modeling and Simulating Basic Software with AUTOSAR Blockset
https://youtu.be/2BzZbdYYgLM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYCg_v4ZZ6xmJlo3242Asj

Motor Control on Embedded Devices
https://youtu.be/fpz4-hapKkg&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYCg_v4ZZ6xmJlo3242Asj

Multicore Embedded Design
https://youtu.be/KZc9E3Iyk7c&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYCg_v4ZZ6xmJlo3242Asj

Multicore Motor Control Using SoC Blockset
https://youtu.be/uOVSq4HpPm0&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYCg_v4ZZ6xmJlo3242Asj

Prototype FPGA Design on Hardware from the MATLAB Command Line
https://youtu.be/SBxVgySjg0Q&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYCg_v4ZZ6xmJlo3242Asj

Running a Deep Learning Network on an FPGA to Detect Defects
https://youtu.be/ue-9NaHCFug&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYCg_v4ZZ6xmJlo3242Asj

Teaching Vibrations and Control Labs Online Using Simscape and MATLAB Apps
https://youtu.be/8nZ9zB8rWC4&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYCg_v4ZZ6xmJlo3242Asj

Top 7 Ways to Automate Your RTL Verification
https://youtu.be/2Ugo1anCNX8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYCg_v4ZZ6xmJlo3242Asj

Using DDS Middleware with Simulink
https://youtu.be/8iEa-gtTXuo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYCg_v4ZZ6xmJlo3242Asj
Embedded Systems  Developer Tech Showcase