
Benjamin Cabe
https://youtu.be/cALcIoWy48M

Björn Antonsson on Akka
https://youtu.be/N1vLvGs0a28

Caitie McCaffrey on Project Orleans
https://youtu.be/KED_JAHNb_o

Chris Chedgey on Code Organization
https://youtu.be/gBG4xwQp5J0

Developer Tools Session at JCrete
https://youtu.be/kU1g6L2vEAw

Glenn Block on Splunk
https://youtu.be/v9DpMFC7zVQ

Interview with Hannes Sjöblad
https://youtu.be/gsqs_Uku87M

Interview with Joel Borggrén-Franck and Klara Ward
https://youtu.be/IxHjEy4tkys

IoT Challenge Winner ePot
https://youtu.be/vWZQBpQLeMY

James Turnbull on Docker
https://youtu.be/o0aaxEJSrGM

JCrete Interview with Heinz and Maxi Kabutz
https://youtu.be/s2a7_4haxo0

JCrete Interview with Ivan Krylov
https://youtu.be/OCAQvBzp7fc

Jim Laskey on JVM Languages
https://youtu.be/htBUJ5UTdFI

Jimmy Wilhelmsson on the Commodore 64 Generation
https://youtu.be/JHtrlI3Wh4g

Kodsnack interviewing Fred George
https://youtu.be/9NELjCaWtXA

Kodsnack interviewing James Mickens
https://youtu.be/cZN9d1qlQ7k

Kodsnack interviewing Rob Ashton
https://youtu.be/e2gHbcuyNIE

Kodsnack interviewing Stefan Karpinski
https://youtu.be/NQWyfpvFL4g

Michael Heinrichs on CoffeeScript in the JVM
https://youtu.be/yCAn9sCTisM

Neuroph Hacking Session at JCrete
https://youtu.be/GPMlfZOynAM

OTN IoT Developer Challenge JCertif International
https://youtu.be/U5WG6EyBO9Y

Reactive Programming Session at JCrete
https://youtu.be/3h53mc7OJMo

Richard Bair and Jasper Potts on their IoT Automotive Demo
https://youtu.be/-ZhZcDaouPM

Richard Warburton on Java 8
https://youtu.be/WPYCrhsdR2o

SQL vs. NoSQL Session at JCrete
https://youtu.be/40_Ik_DwozI
Videos 351-375