
Python Basics 300 Videos
https://youtu.be/k88QxpB_SjI

Python Basics Attributes What Are They
https://youtu.be/GNbIgJsLYFg

Python Basics Built in Functions
https://youtu.be/OxcupdYlBpw

Python Basics Built-in Pow Function
https://youtu.be/jBctokUY7Q8

Python Basics Help Prompt
https://youtu.be/kSPq9Sciskg

Python Basics How Does Multiple Key up Work For Pygame
https://youtu.be/FFnNavvpJCc

Python Basics Itertools Cycle Methods
https://youtu.be/Kv1HP3YhtEw

Python Basics Itertools Repeat Method
https://youtu.be/SgmvFQ26pTo

Python Basics Itertools Starmap Method
https://youtu.be/WuUvqu8gQgo

Python Basics Itertools Zip_longest
https://youtu.be/x0S2a1eGkkw

Python Basics Matplotlib Legends and Labels
https://youtu.be/Q4ZcVXsNNP0

Python Basics Matplotlib Pyplot Grid Method
https://youtu.be/as4A2M6ZabI

Python Basics Matplotlib Scatter Plot
https://youtu.be/md9PvI6z588

Python Basics Multiple Scatter Plots
https://youtu.be/ugh-NvZB6wA

Python Basics Nth Prime 1000 Views
https://youtu.be/gk4KdYhykKg

Python Basics OS path Join Method
https://youtu.be/2v80VM1lDjQ

Python Basics OS Path Splitext Method
https://youtu.be/eGBZVu-S1SE

Python Basics OS Rename Method
https://youtu.be/Q3M0SzsQpsU

Python Basics OS Stat Method
https://youtu.be/4zM7IM_Zmo4

Python Basics OS Walk Method
https://youtu.be/Vl6mhu0xdsI

Python Basics Pop Quiz #1
https://youtu.be/avgO2QpjZTs

Python Basics Pygame Font Module
https://youtu.be/O8Y2FdNnLU0

Python Basics Pygame Keyboard Input Pt  2
https://youtu.be/EjSfZL3BrJg

Python Basics Pygame Multiple Keyup Event
https://youtu.be/KL3Kat4J_PU

Python Basics Sys.Argv Deep Dive
https://youtu.be/CUhgGHWeLqw
Videos 676-700