
#163 Python in Geoscience
https://youtu.be/xMggzqQQfDg

#164 Python in Brain Research at the Allen Institute
https://youtu.be/FEUDGbGm9Xc

#165 Python and the blockchain
https://youtu.be/Lvm23LhwCaU

#166 Continuous delivery with Python
https://youtu.be/L7kRZ-H31rI

#167 Simplifying Python's Async with Trio
https://youtu.be/EGDHI-Tjo8Y

#168 10 Python security holes and how to plug them
https://youtu.be/bzliC2zBuZQ

#169 Becoming a Python content creator
https://youtu.be/h1lTIfzNdSI

#170 Guido van Rossum steps down
https://youtu.be/yhdNGX_m0Ng

#171 1M Jupyter notebooks analyzed
https://youtu.be/VG_Fe-B7KhI

#172 Nuitka A full Python compiler
https://youtu.be/Kp0ZGSTK6wo

#173 Coming into Python from another Industry (part 1)
https://youtu.be/msCQX_2f7x8

#174 Coming into Python from another Industry (part 2)
https://youtu.be/Hij8RLulbAc

#175 Teaching Python to network engineers
https://youtu.be/o_nhtUJ8_8c

#176 The Python Community by the Numbers
https://youtu.be/QOHoVptv3z0

#177 Flask goes 1.0
https://youtu.be/P6Xjo6SeVqY

#178 Coverage.py
https://youtu.be/knv_0FwxtTM

#179 Python Language Summit 2018
https://youtu.be/Fu6_DfmrZPw

#180 What's new in Python 3.7 and beyond
https://youtu.be/ooSSWRyk15w

#181 30 amazing Python projects
https://youtu.be/XBe7C7aIbSA

#182 Picture Python at Shutterfly
https://youtu.be/cp6ifHv2mB4

#183 Qt for Python
https://youtu.be/hL5P8juAdmg

#184 Teaching Python with BBC microbit
https://youtu.be/KC2Jt-h_pOQ

#185 Creating a Python 3 Culture at Facebook
https://youtu.be/xF0Uum3q8iY

#186 100 Days of Python in a Magical Universe
https://youtu.be/Q7-rZuzL8cc

#187 Secure all the things with HubbleStack
https://youtu.be/MpqIXLUuLIg
Videos 176-200