
Python Basics Advance String format
https://youtu.be/GyKvB0ScNBU

Python Basics Decryption
https://youtu.be/gowXsR58dN8

Python Basics Dictionary Comprehension
https://youtu.be/YD8g6xSBYEw

Python Basics Double Underscore
https://youtu.be/Rg-o1_Rp_NM

Python Basics Encryption
https://youtu.be/V79r_yj5WHw

Python Basics Escape Character
https://youtu.be/DEyiY-8iwEw

Python Basics Generator Objects
https://youtu.be/PzV-_lQQ2x8

Python Basics Id Function
https://youtu.be/6jnKTOUCZ2w

Python Basics Iter Function
https://youtu.be/Sa9O85TDAgo

Python Basics Keyword As
https://youtu.be/_zDYaZ5HWQI

Python Basics Keyword is
https://youtu.be/ik1NtViGMqs

Python Basics List Copy Method
https://youtu.be/EUfXIgvXqHc

Python Basics Map Function
https://youtu.be/4oktfOywnMc

Python Basics Next Fucntion
https://youtu.be/jy5C1d5tSqo

Python Basics NoneType
https://youtu.be/e8jkaqbEv5c

Python Basics Open Function
https://youtu.be/rtTu0IA5hOo

Python Basics Print 3 Challenge
https://youtu.be/LXTIrFpQA-8

Python Basics Print 3 Solutions
https://youtu.be/qTO2ZJHsoz4

Python Basics Return Dead Code
https://youtu.be/d6aCpA9sr7E

Python Basics Set ObjectFunction
https://youtu.be/9ehcvZE_Ab0

Python Basics String Replace Method
https://youtu.be/Ar20Y2hAfOg

Python Basics Urllib Module
https://youtu.be/H2M2GbKFX6U

Python Basics Urllib Urlopen
https://youtu.be/rnkILdjWYjo

Python Basics Zen of Python
https://youtu.be/s_fAZJbv8OE

Python Basics Zip Unpacking
https://youtu.be/7iZ_3su2Yuk
Videos 801-825