
'Bodies Bodies Bodies' Cast Talk Favorite Horror Movies and Explain Gen Z
https://youtu.be/Hym7v8RY1i8&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

'The Gray Man' Cast on the Joys and Challenges of Extreme, Excessive Action
https://youtu.be/cAcukb_43rM&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

A24 vs. Blumhouse  Versus
https://youtu.be/nShAxrDl2Ss&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Alien and Predator Movies Ranked  Countdown
https://youtu.be/eXPcte7Fh4k&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Best Black Horror Movies  Countdown
https://youtu.be/X5aCDNJyvOU&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Best Marvel TV Shows  Countdown
https://youtu.be/KfLhc7Snvyc&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Best Summer Movies  Countdown
https://youtu.be/Qj6tg7ReDx0&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Best Superhero Movies of 2010's  Countdown
https://youtu.be/b4zTdpG_fC0&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Brad Pitt vs. George Clooney  Versus
https://youtu.be/s5vogwcOrvQ&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Essential Black Horror Films  Trailer Trivia
https://youtu.be/0D_M-3nW35Q&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Is Nope Really Jordan Peele's Weakest Film or a Misunderstood Gem  Aftershow


Is Thor Love and Thunder The Dawn of MCU Fatigue  Aftershow
https://youtu.be/WUMpTBYcmQE&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Jordan Peele and the 'Nope' Cast on Why We Love Spectacle
https://youtu.be/gHLYERocK8g&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Most Badass Sci-Fi Action Scenes  RT Essentials
https://youtu.be/79qdAq5f7zU&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Most Legendary Cats in Cinema  RT Essentials
https://youtu.be/3wxftukchNw&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Most Rotten Animated Films  RT Essentials  Movieclips
https://youtu.be/qmjeUnkUwnw&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

New Movies in Theaters August 2022
https://youtu.be/eT0O12jcsms&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Rotten Tomatoes is Wrong About… Spaceballs
https://youtu.be/7QZRlPOlWbw&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Rotten Tomatoes is Wrong About…1995's Jumanji
https://youtu.be/BK7zY1Qq_RI&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

The Best Spider-Man Scenes  Movieclips
https://youtu.be/FgE0dL17Fnc&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

The Bullet Train Stars on Unique Characters and the Influence of Jackie Chan


Tom Holland vs. Timothée Chalamet  Versus
https://youtu.be/QUJajd3yxMc&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Top TV Shows Premiering in August 2022  Rotten Tomatoes TV
https://youtu.be/DUbBnszL_KQ&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Was 'Stranger Things' Season 4 Satisfying  Binge Battle  Rotten Tomatoes TV
https://youtu.be/9vWDSbtIenw&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

‘The Sandman’ Neil Gaiman, Star Tom Sturridge, and More on Realizing the Dream

Videos 251-275