
(Deep) Learning to Fly by Krzysztof Kudrynski and Blazej Kubiak
https://youtu.be/K55tlhPjPOc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

A year of mob programming   tips and tricks by Tommy Tynjä
https://youtu.be/f-TMKH5VJgY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Ask the JDK Architects with Mark Reinhold, Alex Buckley, Alan Bateman, Brian Goetz and Stuart Marks
https://youtu.be/FdkPHShh628&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Baking a Microservice PI(e) by Antonio Goncalves and Roberto Cortez
https://youtu.be/iH4i2q-HSvI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Building Web Applications on Spring Framework Using the Across Platform by Arne Vandamme
https://youtu.be/00Jn3d12L2M&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Clean, Easy & Stable   Android Architecture by Britt Barak
https://youtu.be/PYSX6FeifmE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Cloud Native with Spring Boot on Google Cloud Platform by Jisha Abubaker
https://youtu.be/-pMxdcfWrhs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Consumer driven development with Spring cloud contract by Ben Ooms
https://youtu.be/_DkvVtDPiFM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Conversational Bots  Amazon Lex, IBM Watson, Microsoft Bot and Google Assistant Tara Walker,Eric Ca
https://youtu.be/s2KBma0TPgo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

D3 js Easy and flexible data visualisation using Web standards Jos Dirksen
https://youtu.be/rJp_GDtLKjo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Democratizing Serverless The New Open Source Fn Platform by Travis Reeder and Reed Allman
https://youtu.be/RgtglVpoP7c&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Eclipse MicroProfile A quest for a lightweight and modern enterprise Java platform by Mike Croft
https://youtu.be/F9uZndZc47E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Empathetic communication at work by Sharon Steed
https://youtu.be/Yd3prm6MNhU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Fast reliable Swift builds with Buck Robbert van Ginkel
https://youtu.be/8OF7L3SdY5U&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Hibernate you know it... but actually you don't by Sanne Grinovero
https://youtu.be/mJDqxfXyNdM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

How Uber Audits Real time Infrastructure of Trillion+ Messages by Ankur Bansal
https://youtu.be/5NCiygjT2B4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Image Recognition with Deep Learning From prototype to production by Ben Vermeersch & Mario Van den
https://youtu.be/xgWvQJbaGKo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Kotlin Deep Dive by Guy Heylens and David González
https://youtu.be/E8uk4490S3Q&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Lazy Java by Mario Fusco
https://youtu.be/84MfG4tp30s&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Neural Networks Walkthrough by Katharine Beaumont
https://youtu.be/8Sd6KOm9vcM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Not all equals methods are created equal by Jan Ouwens
https://youtu.be/pNJ_O10XaoM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Quantum Computing Exposed Deep Dive by James Weaver and Johan Vos
https://youtu.be/yFRTi1HmnE8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Speedup unit testing with the Spock framework by Ben Ooms
https://youtu.be/YKks245Pm7c&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Testing Java Microservice by Alex Soto, Andy Gumbrecht
https://youtu.be/mH9TEXhmmwc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Troubleshooting & Debugging Production Microservices in Kubernetes by Ray Tsang, Baruch Sadogursky
https://youtu.be/pUA83-e82qI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo
Videos 76-100