
Adding HotStrings in AutoHotKey
https://youtu.be/ejl6hvWaWiY&list=PL3JprvrxlW24n62IWu2dM3lZtJ6yr1Srv

Amazing AutoHotkey resources cheat sheet  74 great links to AHK topics
https://youtu.be/6sB2VFZt628&list=PL3JprvrxlW24n62IWu2dM3lZtJ6yr1Srv

Announcing the 2020 AutoHotkey User Survey
https://youtu.be/iF9B8vdp98c&list=PL3JprvrxlW24n62IWu2dM3lZtJ6yr1Srv

AutoHotKey Hotstrings and SPSS
https://youtu.be/DQu0aU3jhow&list=PL3JprvrxlW24n62IWu2dM3lZtJ6yr1Srv

Close active program by pressing a defined key  Long-press key
https://youtu.be/dhxQa8tmXsk&list=PL3JprvrxlW24n62IWu2dM3lZtJ6yr1Srv

Copying Path from Explorer & Fake drives
https://youtu.be/pUFv0n72GvI&list=PL3JprvrxlW24n62IWu2dM3lZtJ6yr1Srv

Free Windows Spellcheck with AutoHotkey  Works in Notepad, Texting, emails, filefolder names etc
https://youtu.be/Nx9-fZZXyJ4&list=PL3JprvrxlW24n62IWu2dM3lZtJ6yr1Srv

get your AutoHotkey Merchandise from the-Automator
https://youtu.be/6IMNpwZRp1I&list=PL3JprvrxlW24n62IWu2dM3lZtJ6yr1Srv

Great AutoHotkey script to URL EncodeDecode and parse URL parameters
https://youtu.be/SuDDTc7efG8&list=PL3JprvrxlW24n62IWu2dM3lZtJ6yr1Srv

Help the Automator by posting my Link on  your AutoHotkey forum signature
https://youtu.be/mu9MBGuZAMQ&list=PL3JprvrxlW24n62IWu2dM3lZtJ6yr1Srv

How to use Hotstrings from AutoHotkey (Auto-replace text in any program)
https://youtu.be/vuISL2Zqn04&list=PL3JprvrxlW24n62IWu2dM3lZtJ6yr1Srv

I hit my 3,000 subscriber in record time!
https://youtu.be/m9ztQexiwV8&list=PL3JprvrxlW24n62IWu2dM3lZtJ6yr1Srv

Intermediate AutoHotkey is now LIVE on Udemy
https://youtu.be/cDQGlo414lQ&list=PL3JprvrxlW24n62IWu2dM3lZtJ6yr1Srv

Joe Glines and Jackie Sztuk reviewing AutoHotkey Hotstrings
https://youtu.be/Yueit5zpcY0&list=PL3JprvrxlW24n62IWu2dM3lZtJ6yr1Srv

Learn Text Expansion  HotStrings for free!  Half of our Udemy course!
https://youtu.be/g7YGViVHRZA&list=PL3JprvrxlW24n62IWu2dM3lZtJ6yr1Srv

Long HotStrings  Continuation Section & Join command in AutoHotkey
https://youtu.be/AJUqbKyz9Hc&list=PL3JprvrxlW24n62IWu2dM3lZtJ6yr1Srv

Programs that help you write programs
https://youtu.be/Nq-MDHALxlw&list=PL3JprvrxlW24n62IWu2dM3lZtJ6yr1Srv

Udemy Hotstrings Promo- Learn how to work smarter not harder
https://youtu.be/JbjQ5tjq9pk&list=PL3JprvrxlW24n62IWu2dM3lZtJ6yr1Srv

Using AutoHotKey to write SPSS Syntax with HotStrings
https://youtu.be/Jmf7T7oCj7w&list=PL3JprvrxlW24n62IWu2dM3lZtJ6yr1Srv

What AutoHotkey course should we create next
https://youtu.be/zc6TMPcMtPg&list=PL3JprvrxlW24n62IWu2dM3lZtJ6yr1Srv

Why you should learn AutoHotkey! Some most common uses of AutoHotkey
https://youtu.be/HXrqHr0ldI0&list=PL3JprvrxlW24n62IWu2dM3lZtJ6yr1Srv
HotStrings  Text Expander  Windows AutoCorrect