
A.  Crotti -  TDD from scratch
https://youtu.be/4g2hQ2w8q50&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Alan Franzoni - Python Good Practices
https://youtu.be/osQLB3-dvT4&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Andreas Schreiber - Messaging for the Internet of Things
https://youtu.be/tFzqSo1cRwU&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

C.  Theune - batou  a multi component environment platform ) deployment tool
https://youtu.be/fqwFodRWIcM&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

D  Greenfeld, A  Roy Intro to Django Part 2
https://youtu.be/41llRs1fa5Q&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

D. Greenfeld, A  Roy-  Intro to Django Part 1
https://youtu.be/Irzv9EqzhTE&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Davide Corio - OpenERP nel paese delle meraviglie
https://youtu.be/TlFdveHBUIU&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

E.  Melotti, F  Carbognani   - Python on Mars
https://youtu.be/3yLX8NrxylU&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Enrico Franchi - Never get in a battle of bits without ammunition
https://youtu.be/tuaX75N55Xs&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Ezio Melotti, Franco Carbognani - Python su Marte
https://youtu.be/1A7OcpvXHsQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

F  Caboni A hands on introduction to software testing reloaded) Part 2
https://youtu.be/1P8pxGiXv6o&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

F  Håård User to framework author in four hour Part 2
https://youtu.be/d2X0q8Zb_RQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

F.  Bruynooghe - Taming greenlets using eventlet
https://youtu.be/ZUlU4UUxiFk&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

F.  Caboni A hands on introduction to software testing reloaded) Part 1 (final with tech problems)
https://youtu.be/OSbM1qu6cts&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

F.  Håård - User to framework author in four hour Part 1
https://youtu.be/bL8lGzQEcOs&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

H.  Krekel-  devpi driving your packaging and testing needs
https://youtu.be/2KchJchEE4o&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

K..  Hayen -  An optimizing static Python compiler
https://youtu.be/BDjXZY_8d58&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

L.  Hastings  - All Singing All Dancing Python Bytecode
https://youtu.be/k9zHomZ7mnw&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Lightning Talks
https://youtu.be/iUNbgNuN0qY&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

M.  Ceron - Practical uses for function annotations
https://youtu.be/BCTlX-omFS4&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Massimo Azzolini - Essere agili Metodi, strumenti e integrazioni Python to rule them all
https://youtu.be/1WgieCdbKpQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Maurizio Delmonte - SimpleManagement come semplificare la gestione progetti con Python
https://youtu.be/V6EoXrVEos8&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Steven Citron-Pousty - Bringing Spatial Love to your Python Application
https://youtu.be/tOjdkmAoS8o&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Tarek Ziadé - Circus, process and socket manager
https://youtu.be/_e1-8owBC98&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Yves Hilpisch - A Better Future with Python
https://youtu.be/48DnfQAMvJs&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE
Videos 76-100