
Adam Dangoor - Another pair of eyes Reviewing code well
https://youtu.be/JWBBI-jFVOc&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Alexander Steffen - Writing unit tests for C code in Python
https://youtu.be/zW_HyDTPjO0&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Alexys JacobGuillaume Gelin - Planning for the worst
https://youtu.be/Q8JRs_hPuZA&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Andreas Dewes - Analyzing Data with Python & Docker
https://youtu.be/cK_oNI6VUHU&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Anjana Vakil - Using and abusing Python’s double-underscore methods and attributes
https://youtu.be/WKu7T976WkA&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Anna Wszeborowska - Music transcription with Python
https://youtu.be/9boJ-Ai6QFM&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Fabien Bochu - Grocker, a Python build chain for Docker
https://youtu.be/SZ_7Z7s6-H0&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Fabio Pliger - OMG, Bokeh is better than ever!
https://youtu.be/T3vPQrUrRgs&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Floris Bruynooghe - Build your Microservices with ZeroMQ
https://youtu.be/BC4aSBhBAKA&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Iwan Vosloo - What's the point of Object Orientation
https://youtu.be/M179-VQ2kxI&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

iztok kucanJoris Peeters - Algorithmic Trading with Python
https://youtu.be/dDMptG5YYyY&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

James Saryerwinnie - Writing Redis in Python with asyncio
https://youtu.be/CF8zt8l6SeI&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Joe Drumgoole - A deep dive into the Pymongo MongoDB driver
https://youtu.be/2gee5oUAO14&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

John Kraal - High Availability Scaling with Share Nothing Architecture
https://youtu.be/G1Z99GWvJCQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Jose Manuel Ortega - Ethical hacking with Python tools
https://youtu.be/sC9N16E0a2E&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Katharine Jarmul - I Hate You, NLP... ;)
https://youtu.be/vitEXiOuiEk&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Lauris Jullien - Asynchronous network requests in a web application
https://youtu.be/LfbmcZ_NNVU&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Naomi Ceder - Come for the Language, Stay for the Community
https://youtu.be/cCCiA-IlVco&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Ralph de Wargny - High Performance Python on Intel Many-Core Architecture
https://youtu.be/E5wGfSWbJoc&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Raphael Pierzina - Pytest 3.0
https://youtu.be/HPUg31eylds&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Rogier van der Geer - How to conquer the world
https://youtu.be/KDhvktUcehI&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Sławomir Piasecki - Python in Astronomy
https://youtu.be/TU5DvG7Fl04&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Valeria Pettorino - Unveiling the Universe with python
https://youtu.be/1H5uU_lcdWQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Valerio Maggio - Data Formats for Data Science
https://youtu.be/QgNDi1vsrtQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Yury Selivanov - asyncawait in Python 3.5 and why it is awesome
https://youtu.be/m28fiN9y_r8&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm
Videos 76-100