
Advanced Pipelines for Hypothesis-Driven Development Smart Routers... - Edson Yanaga
https://youtu.be/x0f_GSuRFX8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Angular 5 best practices - Sergey Morenets
https://youtu.be/_JeVrPKRB2c&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Building a self-driving RC car - Bert Jan Schrijver, Tim van Eijndhoven
https://youtu.be/YeUMtQyvZKM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Building Streaming Microservices with Apache Kafka - Tim Berglund
https://youtu.be/Hlb-Ss3q3as&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Cloud Native Java, part 2 - Josh Long
https://youtu.be/OsX5C4fyVyI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Database migrations the missing link to continuous delivery - Stefano Monti (video only)
https://youtu.be/MaG_eYZshlE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Deep Learning for Developers - Julien SIMON
https://youtu.be/ktJH4DdnrRg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Devoxx Poland 2018 - Recap
https://youtu.be/QGQZZrT_ewA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Improving safety in real world driving and transport with Big Data and IoT - Christian Merkwirth
https://youtu.be/2-MSvNPcEOk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Infrastructure as a code simplified by conventions - Jakub Kubrynski
https://youtu.be/JZQ4vC0Ljd0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Magic Without Password, Passwordless and Federate Identity - Mercedes Wyss
https://youtu.be/flbhwB_I7x0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Niańczenie programistów vs. zarządzanie dziećmi - Bartek Nowakowski
https://youtu.be/rAHSxDJcXmc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Reactive web services - Kamil Szymański
https://youtu.be/Cm6KhKb6kQ8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Riders On The Storm API Gateways for developers - Tomasz Skowroński
https://youtu.be/MUVckIoaEPc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Runtime vs. compile time (JIT vs. AOT) optimizations in Java and C++ - Ionut Balosin
https://youtu.be/0yrBuPiGk8I&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Spock vs JUnit 5 - Clash of the Titans - Marcin Zajączkowski
https://youtu.be/oEamW8_FtAg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Stream processing in telco with Apache Flink & TouK Nussknacker - Maciej Próchniak (video only)
https://youtu.be/2Gg-JbtgFkw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Streaming Database Changes with Debezium - Jiri Pechanec
https://youtu.be/dm9J0n_MvAM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Ten Things You Can Do With GraalVM - Oleg Šelajev
https://youtu.be/tEaEAq0L9Pk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Testing in production at LinkedIn - Szczepan Faber
https://youtu.be/lbO6INBICpQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

The art of building Java APIs Do's and Don'ts - Jonathan Giles
https://youtu.be/nRNUQS7IkUM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Why Go - Adam Szecówka
https://youtu.be/DIQQv_YDqPc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc
Videos 76-97