
Challenges in developing a large Django site
https://youtu.be/4EmKiBCCZ3o&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Debugging and profiling techniques
https://youtu.be/6jD34p8PokU&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Developing cutting-edge applications with PyQt
https://youtu.be/vd2T_LNn3C0&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Distributing Python programs through PyInstaller
https://youtu.be/MoL2nDYcW1U&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Diversity as a Dependency
https://youtu.be/GMGi9FpiNTk&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Emulating Stackless and greenlet with each other
https://youtu.be/aNl7GrnKTcs&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Exploit your GPU power with PyCUDA (and friends)
https://youtu.be/M5ckXyiiu7g&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Exploring CPython's bytecode
https://youtu.be/c08Ee2gQ3pY&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Good API design
https://youtu.be/LsfrMjcIudA&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

High-performance computing on gamer PCs
https://youtu.be/5epAiVgitL0&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

How to build complex web applications having fun
https://youtu.be/tJ8mufRrW60&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

How to make intelligent web-apps
https://youtu.be/u3oVf_Z4kmI&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Introduction to Gevent
https://youtu.be/FITsetDUKJ0&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Managing the cloud with libcloud
https://youtu.be/R8fC4efkj2s&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

MiG - A Complete Grid Middleware (mostly) in Python
https://youtu.be/aRYvBuYXcjk&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

New beauty in Camelot
https://youtu.be/DanjGO0VEAs&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Objects and classes in Python (and JavaScript)
https://youtu.be/e0tK-Kawx3E&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Pitfalls of Continuous Deployment
https://youtu.be/smUceHEg1P0&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Playing tasks with Django-Celery
https://youtu.be/HgN8rOstPjc&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Pricing products using Python graphs and sets
https://youtu.be/TN9nIBxDXU8&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

PyPy hands-on
https://youtu.be/qcqEAE4QoeA&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Python + Oracle = Prosperity & Performance
https://youtu.be/_ANajHy3ufk&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Python 103 Mmmm... Understanding Python's Memory Model, Mutability, and Methods
https://youtu.be/HHFCFJSPWrI&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Python at Cloudkick
https://youtu.be/R9jo6HMlgLo&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Visualization and Analysis of Large Scale Datasets with Python
https://youtu.be/y2eKgo3gw-0&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH
Videos 26-50