
Building high performance servers with Twitter Finagle by Sam Bessalah
https://youtu.be/Ne0BkCtcJa8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

CDI  or how to extend Java EE in a portable way by Antonio GoncalvesAntoine Sabot-Durand
https://youtu.be/LYKMaj4XKvg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Core Design Principles for Software Developers by Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/llGgO74uXMI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Design Pattern Reloaded by Remi Forax
https://youtu.be/-k2X7guaArU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Docker and Kubernetes Recipes for Java Developers by Arun Gupta
https://youtu.be/aSATsLG59Zs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Generate client stubs & document your REST-API using Swagger & Spring by Johannes Fiala
https://youtu.be/43GhBbP--oI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Get a Taste of Lambdas and Get Addicted to Streams by Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/1OpAgZvYXLQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Getting Single Page Application Security Right by Philippe De Ryck
https://youtu.be/UFPGOvDrTOk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Hit the plumber - develop a realtime web application with vert.x 3 by Clement EscoffierPaulo Lopes
https://youtu.be/vC1EdeBZl7M&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Java EE Microservices - the Payara way by Mike Croft
https://youtu.be/fn444op9gW8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Lean Startup for Developers by Sebastien Arbogast
https://youtu.be/S77x85-g-c8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Modular Development with JDK 9 by Mark ReinholdAlan Bateman
https://youtu.be/V6ycn1-QQV0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

OrientDB - the 2nd generation of (MultiModel) NoSQL by Luigi Dell'Aquila
https://youtu.be/kpLqfFGubKM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

React, a new way to create web components by Mathieu Ancelin
https://youtu.be/p99NwRgkTl4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Refactor your Java EE application using Microservices and Containers by Arun Gupta
https://youtu.be/iJVW7v8O9BU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Second generation workflow managers for big data by Alex Van Boxel
https://youtu.be/73oAPXgle9w&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Secrets are secrets. Please maintain them as secrets by Alex Soto
https://youtu.be/Iaus2NDOhnU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Serenity BDD - from executable specifications to living documentation by Alex Soto
https://youtu.be/BxJb6iTpX74&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Spring Boot for the web tier by Brian ClozelSt√©phane Nicoll
https://youtu.be/7cemYpV1fNI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Testing Microservices with a Citrus twist by Christoph Deppisch
https://youtu.be/FPgXJveaLTo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Tomcat to Apache TomEE in 1-n Steps by Andy Gumbrecht
https://youtu.be/FBwZbzceQQ8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Tools of the Trade by Sebastiano Poggi
https://youtu.be/1MjcTy2FSVQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

TweetWallFX - Behind the Scenes by Sven Reimers
https://youtu.be/UU2urhF_bxc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Visualization IoT Data With Minecraft by Lars Gregori
https://youtu.be/z7Bu2bIk1xI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Writing Groovy AST Transformations Getting Practical in an hour! by Baruch Sadogursky
https://youtu.be/GVfrNwTBpUM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb
Videos 1-25