
100% Stateless with JWT (JSON Web Token) by Hubert Sablonnière
https://youtu.be/67mezK3NzpU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

A MicroProfile for Micro Services by Mike Croft
https://youtu.be/dyK6BcOh8N4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Algebraic data types for fun and profit by Clément Delafargue
https://youtu.be/EPxi546vVHI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Anticipating Java 9 - Functionality and Tooling by Trisha Gee
https://youtu.be/96vce1qd0QY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Array Linked to a List, the full story! by José Paumard
https://youtu.be/Y4XkWSAm2XU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Ask the JDK Architects by Brian GoetzMark Reinhold
https://youtu.be/OKIKEccotUg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Become a King with Kong by Cédric Tran-Xuan
https://youtu.be/xVyAYf6I0Sc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Composite Builds with Gradle by Stefan Oehme
https://youtu.be/l96SMQX3zkU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Debugging Distributed Systems by Donny Nadolny
https://youtu.be/CmuA9yhCmNY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Deep dive into Watson's Neural Networks by Sandhya Kapoor, Bowen Zhou and Arthur Kantor
https://youtu.be/GXXYs51ADJU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

DROP DB – simple event sourcing for simple aliens by Jarek Ratajski
https://youtu.be/n_NXUk6POgY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Eddystone, the open location beacon standard by Alex Van Boxel
https://youtu.be/5tdjDNUQrCg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Effective Android dev by Filip Maelbrancke
https://youtu.be/KdyasrqRhIg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

How Angular Makes the Mobile Web Awesome by Stephen Fluin
https://youtu.be/0-Nh-ur83P4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Introducing JSR 354 - The Money & Currency API by Wim van Haaren and Jeroen Burggraaf
https://youtu.be/uasi71dWWVQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Java on Mobile  Write once, Run on iOS & Android by Paul and Gail Anderson
https://youtu.be/eohuPOXHRQQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Open Sesame! Conversations With My Front Door by Maurice Naftalin
https://youtu.be/J1S5P6WIPus&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Patterns and Antipatterns in Docker Image Lifecycle by Jonathan Roquelaure
https://youtu.be/clD7H7_-ueE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Private video
https://youtu.be/UXBoiqRJ6DQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Refactoring to Java 8 by Trisha Gee
https://youtu.be/NcetKbGayZY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

ScreenPlay the next stage in automated acceptance testing by John SmartJan Molak
https://youtu.be/4eODK3WS6cM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Serenity-JS next generation acceptance testing for Angular-JS in TypeScript by John SmartJan Molak
https://youtu.be/YYgkFgBxEwc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Talk to your home! by Joost den Boer
https://youtu.be/Gv-Z0jMtwu4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

The New HTTP Client API in JDK 9 by Michael McMahon
https://youtu.be/gc6upLx7eog&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Twelve Ways to Make Code Suck Less by Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/nVZE53IYi4w&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s
Videos 76-100