
Brendan Eich SpiderNode, V8Monkey, and You
https://youtu.be/irnvtt09CAM&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHfMdifGs4ed2sXgbCtVD_c

Charlie Robbins Running Node.js in Production
https://youtu.be/UIfWmFaCtuk&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHfMdifGs4ed2sXgbCtVD_c

Chris Williams Fuck cyberspaces, we'll do it live!
https://youtu.be/3o0aXOGpSVY&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHfMdifGs4ed2sXgbCtVD_c

Curtis Chambers Being Uber with Node
https://youtu.be/2Y4EZZFnumo&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHfMdifGs4ed2sXgbCtVD_c

Elijah Insua Why node has a DOM
https://youtu.be/YSgAyXvBzHM&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHfMdifGs4ed2sXgbCtVD_c

Felix Geisend√∂rfer How to Test Asynchronous Code
https://youtu.be/_9ZeKhARilA&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHfMdifGs4ed2sXgbCtVD_c

Guillermo Rauch socket.io
https://youtu.be/AdA25J7gVDI&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHfMdifGs4ed2sXgbCtVD_c

Henrik Joreteg Building Realtime Singlepage Apps
https://youtu.be/Lw3oFjzWRqI&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHfMdifGs4ed2sXgbCtVD_c

Isaac Schlueter How npm Works
https://youtu.be/ShRDgdvlZQ8&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHfMdifGs4ed2sXgbCtVD_c

James Halliday Freestyle RPC for node
https://youtu.be/R2bA9w5zoiY&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHfMdifGs4ed2sXgbCtVD_c

John Schulz Canvas in Node.js
https://youtu.be/JF-PDZFt9OU&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHfMdifGs4ed2sXgbCtVD_c

Marak Squires Every node.js module ever!
https://youtu.be/Ryx9efq3V_I&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHfMdifGs4ed2sXgbCtVD_c

Marco Rogers Creating Node Addons, CC++ extensions for fun and profit
https://youtu.be/q1ri36UI5GA&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHfMdifGs4ed2sXgbCtVD_c

Matt Eernisse Lessons learned in production
https://youtu.be/O_uXfA4TOVs&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHfMdifGs4ed2sXgbCtVD_c

Matt Ranney Debuggin a Large Node Cluster
https://youtu.be/Y1pCVajebpE&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHfMdifGs4ed2sXgbCtVD_c

NodeCommit Panel A panel of selected node contributors
https://youtu.be/ZyFcZjGCths&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHfMdifGs4ed2sXgbCtVD_c

NodeConf 2011 Welcome Video
https://youtu.be/RluhUUtjGtc&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHfMdifGs4ed2sXgbCtVD_c

Paul Querna Cast Project & Node.js
https://youtu.be/gKEFXbRCO9g&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHfMdifGs4ed2sXgbCtVD_c

Peter Hallam & Alex Russell The future of JS ans You
https://youtu.be/ntDZa7ekFEA&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHfMdifGs4ed2sXgbCtVD_c

Robert Kieffer Node @ Facebook
https://youtu.be/2YxQpsjg684&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHfMdifGs4ed2sXgbCtVD_c

Ryan Dahl Node v0.5 Roadmap
https://youtu.be/Oeh1ppU8ygg&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHfMdifGs4ed2sXgbCtVD_c

Ryan Day Bacon Themed QRCodes for Hungry Devices
https://youtu.be/U1LxzVl2wB8&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHfMdifGs4ed2sXgbCtVD_c

Sean Cribbs riak-js
https://youtu.be/qtgMzabHPpk&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHfMdifGs4ed2sXgbCtVD_c

Tyler Gillies Dirty Little Hacks
https://youtu.be/bVK-dmrCqcQ&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHfMdifGs4ed2sXgbCtVD_c

Visnu Pitiyanuvath How To Win at NodeKnockout
https://youtu.be/uzNpZItWDDc&list=PL37ZVnwpeshHfMdifGs4ed2sXgbCtVD_c
Videos 1-25