
2020 (A 1917 Parody)
https://youtu.be/skgcruZichc&list=PLScC8g4bqD46draABw4V_8fVgjNmxyI6c

AAPI Films & TV Shows That Are Helping Me Cope  #StopAAPIHate  Stop Asian Hate
https://youtu.be/FLuMbJjHT-Q&list=PLScC8g4bqD46draABw4V_8fVgjNmxyI6c

Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore Reboot 50 First Dates for 2020
https://youtu.be/yLaZPK4Cvow&list=PLScC8g4bqD46draABw4V_8fVgjNmxyI6c

ALL of the Laws Broken in CHRISTMAS VACATION
https://youtu.be/FQBkO6tQh6k&list=PLScC8g4bqD46draABw4V_8fVgjNmxyI6c

Backyard Squirrel Maze 2.0- The Walnut Heist
https://youtu.be/DTvS9lvRxZ8&list=PLScC8g4bqD46draABw4V_8fVgjNmxyI6c

Binging with Babish Macarons from The Mandalorian (ft. Jon Favreau!)
https://youtu.be/IGS0JouUgjM&list=PLScC8g4bqD46draABw4V_8fVgjNmxyI6c

BlumFest 2020
https://youtu.be/baLgQh7yllE&list=PLScC8g4bqD46draABw4V_8fVgjNmxyI6c

Fast Times At Ridgemont High  Virtual Table Read for CORE
https://youtu.be/MaZsPh6uyWg&list=PLScC8g4bqD46draABw4V_8fVgjNmxyI6c

Film Theory Diagnosing The Grinch! (Dr Seuss How The Grinch Stole Christmas)
https://youtu.be/0Fm2aX6jfAE&list=PLScC8g4bqD46draABw4V_8fVgjNmxyI6c

FX Makeup Artist Reacts to MRS.DOUBTFIRE
https://youtu.be/zHE688sZGJs&list=PLScC8g4bqD46draABw4V_8fVgjNmxyI6c

Glenn Close Breaks Down Her Career, from 'Fatal Attraction' to '101 Dalmatians'  Vanity Fair
https://youtu.be/X6Rw59-6gkA&list=PLScC8g4bqD46draABw4V_8fVgjNmxyI6c

Jude Law Breaks Down His Most Iconic Characters  GQ
https://youtu.be/ZE4VBHVrLM8&list=PLScC8g4bqD46draABw4V_8fVgjNmxyI6c

Laws Broken Indiana Jones
https://youtu.be/8ezHMpZsyAs&list=PLScC8g4bqD46draABw4V_8fVgjNmxyI6c

LITTLE WOMEN and Healthy Family Relationships
https://youtu.be/rKvkDpUkoC0&list=PLScC8g4bqD46draABw4V_8fVgjNmxyI6c

Mean Girls Reunion
https://youtu.be/cU17wW4MYSU&list=PLScC8g4bqD46draABw4V_8fVgjNmxyI6c

Nicole Kidman AMC Ad - SNL
https://youtu.be/a22c8NPNOPI&list=PLScC8g4bqD46draABw4V_8fVgjNmxyI6c

Rotten Tomatoes is WRONG! A new podcast from Rotten Tomatoes
https://youtu.be/WaAO86_i84Y&list=PLScC8g4bqD46draABw4V_8fVgjNmxyI6c

Soul A Black Script Editor's Perspective
https://youtu.be/rht7ATWWDmc&list=PLScC8g4bqD46draABw4V_8fVgjNmxyI6c

SURPRISING BEST FRIEND WITH BORAT!!
https://youtu.be/5S4bm3bAt9Y&list=PLScC8g4bqD46draABw4V_8fVgjNmxyI6c

The Model Minority Trope, Explained
https://youtu.be/qWBPGc_dpmY&list=PLScC8g4bqD46draABw4V_8fVgjNmxyI6c

The technology that’s replacing the green screen
https://youtu.be/8yNkBic7GfI&list=PLScC8g4bqD46draABw4V_8fVgjNmxyI6c

Therapist Reacts to KNIVES OUT
https://youtu.be/K7wxk4ekoTI&list=PLScC8g4bqD46draABw4V_8fVgjNmxyI6c

Therapist Reacts to THE GRINCH (1966)
https://youtu.be/ft7gl4qDl3U&list=PLScC8g4bqD46draABw4V_8fVgjNmxyI6c

Therapist Reacts to THE THING
https://youtu.be/0dSb2FAMPSs&list=PLScC8g4bqD46draABw4V_8fVgjNmxyI6c

Time Warp
https://youtu.be/6a7j6DUD5Gc&list=PLScC8g4bqD46draABw4V_8fVgjNmxyI6c
Videos 1-25