
Weekend Drive Greenlit, GTGD S3, and my dev schedule!
https://youtu.be/810mFmU2HQI&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[75] Enemy Detection - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/CxEBUCB31Aw&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[76] Enemy Nav Pursue - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/UJ-2WuTunkE&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[77] Enemy Nav Destination Reached - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/Pa5w9kkTU8g&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[78] Enemy Nav Wander - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/mxd5hwfN6iw&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[79] Enemy Nav Pause - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/7FSGo29o0Bg&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[80] Enemy Attack - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/rE83nHYj-eo&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[81] Enemy Health - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/jFvVBGuKoyI&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[82] Enemy Take Damage - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/BBIyLrcuDrQ&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[83] Enemy Ragdoll Activation - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/6yS7wA7mMm0&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[84] Enemy Collision Field - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/iYIcrm7__NA&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[85] Spawner Proximity - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/LREXAD_DRKw&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[86] Enemy Nav Flee - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/EyEo50DoNtQ&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[87] Intro To Chapter 6 - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/HGyQpwDzdL8&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[88] Download Gun Assets - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/MWmroRc-44s&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[89] Gun Item Setup - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/ZK7F4kiOvyc&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[90] Gun Animations - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/0bd56TqGEuk&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[91] Gun Controller - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/rn_QvJj-5yY&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[92] Canvas Ammo - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/NgJEYliU-Z0&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[93] Dynamic Crosshair UI - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/N2-JM22ormg&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[94] Dynamic Crosshair Controller - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/QBm1nNy9Jmc&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[95] Muzzle Flash - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/WNrR12ZtptE&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[96] Hit Effects - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/8oxwEzUSlco&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[97] Gun Master - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/Bk48Y9qVNgw&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[98] Gun Standard Input - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/gFJ-NK51RuQ&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5
Videos 76-100