
Adam Warski—Designing Programmer-Friendly APIs
https://youtu.be/I3loMuHnYqw

Alceste Scalas—Effpi Verified Message-Passing Programs in Dotty
https://youtu.be/tCYtMc5sJLU

Andy Scott—Code by Shape
https://youtu.be/ifPTQ9CULdk

Bartosz Milewski—Live-coding with Universal Constructions
https://youtu.be/UjSQlUjuZWQ

Brian Clapper—Spark for Scala Developers
https://youtu.be/zXipqCcVmQM

Dale Wijnand—How to Totally Fix PartialFunction
https://youtu.be/n7PsbJwVSuE

Daniel Beskin—Compile-time Logic Programming in Scala what for
https://youtu.be/9i06TyYM_lI

Edmund Noble—Data, and when not to use it
https://youtu.be/q6JCvdMWtmo

Emily Pillmore Type Arithmetic and the Yoneda Lemma
https://youtu.be/aXS5HZ_1fNQ

Eyjafjallajökull Lecture 2019—Paweł Szulc
https://youtu.be/ZmoqVF-e0-Y

Fabio Labella—How do Fibers Work A Peek Under the Hood
https://youtu.be/x5_MmZVLiSM

Guillaume Martres—Scala 3, Type Inference and You!
https://youtu.be/lMvOykNQ4zs

Jakub Kozłowski—A Sky Full of Streams
https://youtu.be/oluPEFlXumw

Jon Pretty—Fast and Furious
https://youtu.be/4HVySqElcnI

Jorge Vicente Cantero—Design Challenges of Bloop
https://youtu.be/PgQyCnqm4QQ

Justin Kaeser—Integrating Developer Experiences
https://youtu.be/lncUc4oHwxg

Luka Jacobowitz—Monoids, Monoids, Monoids
https://youtu.be/DJyhWAwmGqE

Mirco Dotta—Crack Open Sbt and Master your Build Times
https://youtu.be/Mx_gQz8MTrI

Nicolas Rinaudo—Much Ado About Testing
https://youtu.be/Jhzc7fxY5lw

Paolo Giarrusso—The DOT Calculus An Introduction for Scala Programmers
https://youtu.be/OVu7XzHY5U0

Roland Kuhn—Meshing Robots and Humans with Distributed Apps
https://youtu.be/u_SAszZLfag

Sam Aaron—Sonic Pi
https://youtu.be/6AKRm_bnW_8

The 2016 Eyjafjallajökull Lecture—Bodil Stokke
https://youtu.be/3ImZZ3AvjhA

Validating SQL at the Type Level—Tamer AbdulRadi
https://youtu.be/dbqRqhHpggs

Zoë Weil—A Learning Story Love, Scala & Artificial Intelligence
https://youtu.be/o29DE8E8xJU
Videos 1-25