
Advent of Code 2017 - Day 1 - Ruby Solution
https://youtu.be/lBXeZUFvAAw

Advent of Code 2017 Day 2 - Ruby Solution
https://youtu.be/L8rrBdkIPJA

Convert Ruby String to Integer
https://youtu.be/V4tJQ7PWFZY

Differences Between Print, Puts & P in Ruby
https://youtu.be/9jSwVvyjAKE

Divisibility, modulo operator & the Fizzbuzz challenge!
https://youtu.be/DeF1abv-8EM

How to Connect To A Database Using Ruby
https://youtu.be/HmI7U7hvVTU

How To Create An Array Of Random Numbers
https://youtu.be/9hIheTO3WBM

How to Create Infinite Ranges in Ruby
https://youtu.be/2-ICDaD2Z1E

How To Print Pretty Tables With Ruby
https://youtu.be/pyi-xpkUJ54

How to Reverse a String Without The Reverse Method
https://youtu.be/VsWQQvK8NdI

How To Use HTTP in Ruby
https://youtu.be/bh2IbyLSgFY

How to Use The Ruby Ternary Operator
https://youtu.be/9wWsWOFDQS4

Iterate Over String Characters in Ruby
https://youtu.be/3ydJiZHh6zw

Number Systems in Ruby
https://youtu.be/xfr6AdZJJVg

Replace Text in Ruby
https://youtu.be/nWj8eI5rHM8

Ruby Functional Programming Partial Appplication
https://youtu.be/A_eS2-J_TAQ

Ruby Interpreter Research
https://youtu.be/mDVsFnootTw

Ruby Live Coding
https://youtu.be/Ql5zIvcIyDE

Ruby Multithreading Queues, Consumers & Producers
https://youtu.be/x7NYf9xughk

Ruby Nil Explained
https://youtu.be/mBJrQ84f6-4

Ruby Project Link Shortener
https://youtu.be/i8oRhu4SDzo

Ruby Quick Sort Implementation
https://youtu.be/UylkmprUKHU

Ruby Recursion Explained!
https://youtu.be/5JyJWdOP8PM

Ruby Symbols Explained
https://youtu.be/UuXiOZUUbwA

Ruby Thread Pools (By Ruby Mentor Jesus Castello)
https://youtu.be/uuO_QXI1VD0
Videos 176-200