
#1 netbeans rocks setup
https://youtu.be/Yfdq4LRzO-U

#2 NetBeans Rocks Maven, Ant, HTML 5 Support
https://youtu.be/HD9jzBB7pDQ

#5 airhacks.io Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/d3hG5lhLvDI

#6 airhacks.io Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/ry8gEQwJNJY

1st Airhacks Questions && Answers
https://youtu.be/_iXAyCwduuM

2nd Airhacks Questions && Answers
https://youtu.be/hRrKFgZAMR0

3rd Airhacks Questions && Answers
https://youtu.be/naLTswlNKgE

4th airhacks.io Questions && Answers
https://youtu.be/IRS_n9kcq1M

7th airhacks.io Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/TmKqt0T4JUo

A Little REST with JAX-RS 2.0 and Java EE 7
https://youtu.be/1wEp9yHHtwg

Creating Composite JavaFX Views
https://youtu.be/SG2Zpvpmy-E

Dead Code and Code Coverage
https://youtu.be/vnLCFwEyG0I

EJBs As Executors
https://youtu.be/3jGhdBU2MoA

GlassFish Management and Monitoring
https://youtu.be/s5RsjbgZrkA

Going Asynchronous With CompletableFuture and Java EE 7
https://youtu.be/KUISpHbWib0

How To Tackle JavaEE
https://youtu.be/JWcoiXNoKxk

Igniting Java FX Applications
https://youtu.be/xqkbu1IrHSw

Java EE 7 JAX-RS 2.0 With Bean Validation
https://youtu.be/Ekj1oduVhVI

JavaEE 7 And Java 8 Method References
https://youtu.be/uuIr7CbIlKs

JavaEE Dependency Injection Visualization
https://youtu.be/pnz65guh0vQ

JSON Streaming With JAX-RS 2.0
https://youtu.be/v5fpDknuj_o

Legally Executing Runnables
https://youtu.be/fsBl0B1aPzg

Nashorn ...and Java EE
https://youtu.be/qgQ0Q-JXKpA

Starting With JAX-RS 2.0 Client
https://youtu.be/dLke8ODiINw

WebSockets and JavaEE
https://youtu.be/jXcj5_k2Wf0
Videos 301-325