
JooYoung Seo  Accessible Data Science Beyond Visual Models  RStudio
https://youtu.be/0HvyNtltu-A&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRjeraSIEaY0V_9gx52wdkV

Kara Woo  Always look on the bright side of plots  RStudio
https://youtu.be/izV-qK3nlhA&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRjeraSIEaY0V_9gx52wdkV

Kate Hertweck  R training and documentation for different levels of expertise  RStudio
https://youtu.be/wGrKbsagVtg&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRjeraSIEaY0V_9gx52wdkV

Lucy D'Agostino McGowan  Designing Randomized Studies using Shiny  RStudio
https://youtu.be/_-hY_YIrvzQ&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRjeraSIEaY0V_9gx52wdkV

Malcolm Barrett  You're Already Ready Zen and the Art of R Package Development  RStudio
https://youtu.be/Mb7wZZ6nPLA&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRjeraSIEaY0V_9gx52wdkV

Marcus Adams  Putting a GMP Shiny App into Production  RStudio
https://youtu.be/yBDH2Xpycx4&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRjeraSIEaY0V_9gx52wdkV

Marie Vendettuoli  Lessons learned developing a library of validated packages  RStudio
https://youtu.be/-6b_v0easXk&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRjeraSIEaY0V_9gx52wdkV

Matt Thomas & Mike Page  How the Tidyverse helped the British Red Cross respond to COVID  RStudio
https://youtu.be/h_liRO1GweQ&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRjeraSIEaY0V_9gx52wdkV

Max Kuhn  What's new in tidymodels  RStudio
https://youtu.be/qEeF-ErtUAU&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRjeraSIEaY0V_9gx52wdkV

Maya Gans  Starting an R Book Club Cooking Up Friendships in Isolation  RStudio
https://youtu.be/BY1gpr0zc54&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRjeraSIEaY0V_9gx52wdkV

Megan Beckett  Aesthetically automated figure production  RStudio
https://youtu.be/u7dfUxONj6Q&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRjeraSIEaY0V_9gx52wdkV

Michael Chirico  Making .pot-ery with R Translations in R Packages  RStudio
https://youtu.be/N-7LdfAZBeA&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRjeraSIEaY0V_9gx52wdkV

Michael Chow  Bringing the Tidyverse to Python with Siuba  RStudio
https://youtu.be/w4Mi0u4urbQ&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRjeraSIEaY0V_9gx52wdkV

Mine Ã‡etinkaya-Rundel   Feedback at scale  RStudio
https://youtu.be/cgiKP7pZWKo&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRjeraSIEaY0V_9gx52wdkV

Neal Richardson  Bigger Data With Ease Using Apache Arrow  RStudio
https://youtu.be/zND-Wj2XPvc&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRjeraSIEaY0V_9gx52wdkV

Nicholas Pylypiw  Racial Equity Dashboard Unpacking Systemic Inequity  RStudio
https://youtu.be/JFlQA2mCm1Q&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRjeraSIEaY0V_9gx52wdkV

Nicole Kramer  A New Paradigm for Multifigure Coordinate-Based Plotting in R  RStudio
https://youtu.be/uoM8sYAyo_s&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRjeraSIEaY0V_9gx52wdkV

Pamela E. Pairo  An easy and friendly way to build your multilingual website  RStudio
https://youtu.be/dbJV3niLym8&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRjeraSIEaY0V_9gx52wdkV

Richard Vogg  Examples of simulated datasets that bring value to a data-driven company  RStudio
https://youtu.be/_ahUlw0HzSc&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRjeraSIEaY0V_9gx52wdkV

Rika Gorn  From Zero to Hero Best practices for setting up Rstudio Team in the Cloud  RStudio
https://youtu.be/b6dpDQ7uQjE&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRjeraSIEaY0V_9gx52wdkV

Riva Quiroga  Learning to program in R with a communicative approach  RStudio
https://youtu.be/WlSRI22kpdg&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRjeraSIEaY0V_9gx52wdkV

Sean Lopp  R & Python Going Steady  RStudio
https://youtu.be/86X0n7jfUoM&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRjeraSIEaY0V_9gx52wdkV

Shelmith Kariuki  rKenyaCensus Package  RStudio
https://youtu.be/yf0bZAE0ocY&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRjeraSIEaY0V_9gx52wdkV

Shirbi Ish-Shalom  Using R to Up Your Experimentation Game  RStudio
https://youtu.be/A3vW1l0Juxo&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRjeraSIEaY0V_9gx52wdkV

Simon Couch  tidymodelsstacks A Grammar for Stacked Ensemble Modeling  RStudio
https://youtu.be/E7uygsmx3-Y&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRjeraSIEaY0V_9gx52wdkV
Videos 26-50