
A Better Approach for Testing Micro Services – Introducing Test Kits in Practice  by  Maxim Novak
https://youtu.be/BhjFUVuPa2U&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Be More Productive With IntelliJ IDEA by Trisha Gee
https://youtu.be/CmPJzEqFS4s&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Building a Resilient, Secure, and Maintainable API Platform using Finagle  by  Alessandro Vermeulen
https://youtu.be/5A8g11-np10&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Connected sensors and data visualization to measure hardness at work  by  Christophe Jollivet, Séba
https://youtu.be/h7tqTnIIV8c&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Google Open Source Container Tools Life of a happy developer in a container world  by  David Gageot
https://youtu.be/4uU44VviyjM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Integrating your Android app with Actions on Google for the Google Assistant  by  Antonio Marin Neto
https://youtu.be/g4jRLNFh8pA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Java developer’s journey in Kubernetes land by Arun Gupta
https://youtu.be/avsWxAcjn20&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Java in 2018 Change is the Only Constant Keynote by Mark Reinhold
https://youtu.be/wHoRBvt3U6o&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Java, Today and Tomorrow by Mark Reinhold
https://youtu.be/Csc2JRs6470&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Less Process, more Guidance with a Team Playbook by Sven Peters
https://youtu.be/DonWQh-JxHk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Majestic Modular Monoliths by Axel Fontaine
https://youtu.be/BOvxJaklcr0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

OOP v̶s̶ and FP by Mario Fusco
https://youtu.be/p6cZO5V2ehw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Patterns for building resilient software systems by Adrian Hornsby
https://youtu.be/0KHSr8Fzi5c&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Processing Fast Data with Apache Spark The Tale of Two Streaming APIs by Gerard Maas
https://youtu.be/XZPINEPPmoY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Project Loom Fibers and Continuations for Java by Alan Bateman
https://youtu.be/vbGbXUjlRyQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Secure microservices made easy with MicroProfile JWT  by  Emily Jiang
https://youtu.be/XvrlCgOpvGI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Sitting Considered Deadly by Marek Stój
https://youtu.be/GaxM5nlPnQU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Solving a complex game with AI and all the Google Cloud power by Juantomas Garcia, Sebastián Jesús
https://youtu.be/fDvZnJhYBp0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Spring Boot with Kotlin, functional configuration and GraalVM by Sébastien Deleuze
https://youtu.be/oN3QOsZ1KAw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Spring Framework 5 1 on JDK 8 & 11 by Juergen Hoeller
https://youtu.be/I0DqdRHepks&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Upgrading to Angular without ngUpgrade by Erin Coughlan
https://youtu.be/6KCnV72vrXY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

WebSocket based chat app in 10 minutes using Spring Boot, Reactor and Vaadin by Matti Tahvonen
https://youtu.be/X06Ie3RTRfg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Welcome keynote by Stephan Janssen
https://youtu.be/xv_TNiX15Pk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Why you should love TypeScript   A practical guide by Deepu K Sasidharan
https://youtu.be/SBwGH4kbkms&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Your GraphQL field guide by Bojan Tomić
https://youtu.be/ROwICdehlb0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH
Videos 76-100