
Perl Script Basic Tutorial 10 Default Variable
https://youtu.be/647YBaMFft8

Perl Script Basic Tutorial 11 Special Array
https://youtu.be/XfGNYXzIYqw

Perl Script Basic Tutorial 13,Arithmetic Operator
https://youtu.be/9ECv1UWzPjo

Perl Script Basic Tutorial 14 Arithmetic Operator Example
https://youtu.be/PGFDjezfqrg

Perl Script Basic Tutorial 15 String Operator
https://youtu.be/UiBk-uJDDOA

Perl Script Basic Tutorial 16 File Operators
https://youtu.be/UZtrG6aX6iM

Perl Script Basic Tutorial 17 Arithmetic Functions
https://youtu.be/Cvh7McBM2kk

Perl Script Basic Tutorial 18 Functions String
https://youtu.be/BY4YF2uYLm4

Perl Script Basic Tutorial 19, Functions String 2
https://youtu.be/q3UEIdOpwGA

Perl Script Basic Tutorial 20 Functions Substring
https://youtu.be/Fki60xiUG2o

Perl Script Basic Tutorial 26 Files Basics
https://youtu.be/h0WTz7WroDY

Perl Script Basic Tutorial 27 Files Basics read write append
https://youtu.be/c4eToNCqJyA

Perl Script Basic Tutorial 28 Time Functions
https://youtu.be/G8uYnMlnu-E

Perl Script Basic Tutorial 29 Comparison Operator
https://youtu.be/0J39bqhDELc

Perl Script Basic Tutorial 3 Comments
https://youtu.be/3YF8YC3-hmU

Perl Script Basic Tutorial 30 Control Statements in Perl
https://youtu.be/xxlbH-HdW1A

Perl Script Basic Tutorial 31 Looping With While Statements in Perl
https://youtu.be/okBihrVv3tE

Perl Script Basic Tutorial 32 Until Loop in Perl
https://youtu.be/P0i2-m0trQo

Perl Script Basic Tutorial 33 For Loop and Foreach Loops in Perl
https://youtu.be/imwnhkHVswQ

Perl Script Basic Tutorial 4 Command Line Option
https://youtu.be/uHXO3506gpE

Perl Script Basic Tutorial 5 Variables
https://youtu.be/ARZB6YJLWPU

Perl Script Basic Tutorial 6 Scalar Variable
https://youtu.be/4qteBVYm3MM

Perl Script Basic Tutorial 7 Array Variable
https://youtu.be/RfRpL74uh8Y

Perl Script Basic Tutorial 8 Hash Variable
https://youtu.be/SGbXMtCtNSA

Perl Script Basic Tutorial 9 Running Perl
https://youtu.be/BPNrrXTbA7w
Videos 1-25