
A practical guide to web security
https://youtu.be/54E8GVe8m0o&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQTimQA8ZVUTO7HipxJqYwm0

Allison Kaptur Effective Learning for Programmers (Keynote)
https://youtu.be/Mcc6JEhDSpo&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQTimQA8ZVUTO7HipxJqYwm0

An introduction to Wagtail (CMS)
https://youtu.be/glIIF-kBXf0&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQTimQA8ZVUTO7HipxJqYwm0

Blind Analytics - getting insight from data without seeing the data
https://youtu.be/zgCCtof4kkY&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQTimQA8ZVUTO7HipxJqYwm0

Build a Better Hat Rack All Contributions Welcome
https://youtu.be/wQxFKxbWcFM&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQTimQA8ZVUTO7HipxJqYwm0

Connascence in Python
https://youtu.be/iwADIlIgDNA&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQTimQA8ZVUTO7HipxJqYwm0

Custom Python Applications in Neuroscience
https://youtu.be/F50H3Co7Jng&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQTimQA8ZVUTO7HipxJqYwm0

Cython get the benefits of C without leaving Python
https://youtu.be/L-FyCT02gqc&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQTimQA8ZVUTO7HipxJqYwm0

Database migrations using alembic
https://youtu.be/xzsbHMHYI5c&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQTimQA8ZVUTO7HipxJqYwm0

Integrating Python Apps with Centralised Identity Management Systems
https://youtu.be/YwWC7DOC3tE&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQTimQA8ZVUTO7HipxJqYwm0

Keynote Brenda Wallace - Copyright
https://youtu.be/crWXUgWKMrI&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQTimQA8ZVUTO7HipxJqYwm0

Lightning Talks
https://youtu.be/_35tn0KrVMo&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQTimQA8ZVUTO7HipxJqYwm0

Message Passing Interface and Inversion of Control
https://youtu.be/h4gYrAuKgqM&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQTimQA8ZVUTO7HipxJqYwm0

Mezzanine a brief primer
https://youtu.be/TGLTaBDhXGI&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQTimQA8ZVUTO7HipxJqYwm0

Micro-Services Is HTTP the only way
https://youtu.be/O1qaoykYIXY&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQTimQA8ZVUTO7HipxJqYwm0

My own Platform as a Service in Python, which you can do too
https://youtu.be/AxTeVemFBkQ&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQTimQA8ZVUTO7HipxJqYwm0

Playing to lose making sensible security decisions by assuming the worst
https://youtu.be/dcDrsKX2ULU&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQTimQA8ZVUTO7HipxJqYwm0

Python and Elasticsearch (Add Full Text Search to your legacy application)
https://youtu.be/FM2e2J7OJpM&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQTimQA8ZVUTO7HipxJqYwm0

Python in Classrooms
https://youtu.be/cKcL7-IxEwg&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQTimQA8ZVUTO7HipxJqYwm0

Python's New Type Hints in Action… In JavaScript
https://youtu.be/N-Upha2YFNs&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQTimQA8ZVUTO7HipxJqYwm0

The Pythonista's 3D printing toolchain
https://youtu.be/hZygJwOcQng&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQTimQA8ZVUTO7HipxJqYwm0

Using Python to Test
https://youtu.be/eQQ2uxMedGw&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQTimQA8ZVUTO7HipxJqYwm0

Why Python is awesome – and some other languages are cool too
https://youtu.be/L2JDiduangk&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQTimQA8ZVUTO7HipxJqYwm0

You Don’t Care About Efficiency Synchronous Code Is Dying
https://youtu.be/7b4z7y6Lohw&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQTimQA8ZVUTO7HipxJqYwm0

Zaqar Message and Notification service of OpenStack
https://youtu.be/v-y2tJbM0xw&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQTimQA8ZVUTO7HipxJqYwm0
Videos 1-25