
A history of computer programming by Alasdair Collinson
https://youtu.be/JaYBOXLMA0U&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpXvPKaK5dD4bC4ACfbNnF8

A Practical Introduction to Akka Streams by Jacek Kunicki
https://youtu.be/L1FS2dyiwIg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpXvPKaK5dD4bC4ACfbNnF8

Building Globally distributed Server less JIRA Add on and using CICD by Leonid Kyrpychenko
https://youtu.be/HB69HPWKUY8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpXvPKaK5dD4bC4ACfbNnF8

Composing Music in the Cloud by James Weaver
https://youtu.be/wbO6VCx-TWg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpXvPKaK5dD4bC4ACfbNnF8

Connect and give sense to your big data with Apache TinkerPop and graph databases by DuyHai Doan
https://youtu.be/k5bMuAcfcmI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpXvPKaK5dD4bC4ACfbNnF8

Controlling Technical Debt With Continuous Delivery by Raquel Pau and Alex Soto
https://youtu.be/G2szpxbh80s&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpXvPKaK5dD4bC4ACfbNnF8

CQRS and Event Sourcing with Lagom by Miel Donkers
https://youtu.be/1VOfcuWOuy8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpXvPKaK5dD4bC4ACfbNnF8

Docker Basics by Thomas Bauer
https://youtu.be/oXA2zZhi32U&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpXvPKaK5dD4bC4ACfbNnF8

Edge Performance with In memory NoSQL by Liviu Costea
https://youtu.be/JgZHbKMlSQ0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpXvPKaK5dD4bC4ACfbNnF8

Give yourself time to sleep by Filip Suste
https://youtu.be/f8oaYfreNFA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpXvPKaK5dD4bC4ACfbNnF8

Hiding secrets in a Vault by Stjepan Hadjić
https://youtu.be/G-w90B0M70U&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpXvPKaK5dD4bC4ACfbNnF8

How to Generate a Deployable REST CXF3 Application from a Swagger Contract by Johannes Fiala
https://youtu.be/JSSsuFbflj0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpXvPKaK5dD4bC4ACfbNnF8

Java EE Microservices with WildFly Swarm by Peter Palaga
https://youtu.be/hsna68JUgqw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpXvPKaK5dD4bC4ACfbNnF8

Java performance techniques  The cost of HotSpot runtime optimizations by Ionut Balosin
https://youtu.be/NURE0ZPBVPA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpXvPKaK5dD4bC4ACfbNnF8

JUnit 5 - State of the Union by Görge Albrecht
https://youtu.be/y8hXiO5ZYno&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpXvPKaK5dD4bC4ACfbNnF8

Lambda Core – HardCore by Jarek Ratajski
https://youtu.be/XxzESfENIj4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpXvPKaK5dD4bC4ACfbNnF8

Machine Learning Exposed Deep and Reinforcement Learning by Katharine Beaumont & James Weaver
https://youtu.be/ije5gHkObxA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpXvPKaK5dD4bC4ACfbNnF8

Machine Learning Exposed Introduction to Machine Learning by Katharine Beaumont & James Weaver
https://youtu.be/P_4_bEXc1UQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpXvPKaK5dD4bC4ACfbNnF8

Next Level Redis With Spring Data by Christoph Strobl
https://youtu.be/ctfDs7M35Ho&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpXvPKaK5dD4bC4ACfbNnF8

OpenShift - the power of Kubernetes for engineers by Marek Jelen
https://youtu.be/l3tDV25JWQ8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpXvPKaK5dD4bC4ACfbNnF8

Private video
https://youtu.be/BD3-QP1Lgvk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpXvPKaK5dD4bC4ACfbNnF8

Resilient Java based microservices with Kubernetes by Mete Atamel
https://youtu.be/zkih72_nmto&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpXvPKaK5dD4bC4ACfbNnF8

SOA lessons learnt OR Microservices done better by Sean Farmar
https://youtu.be/Hkn1Ua-mEx0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpXvPKaK5dD4bC4ACfbNnF8

The Art Of Clean Code by Victor Rentea
https://youtu.be/J4OIo4T7I_E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpXvPKaK5dD4bC4ACfbNnF8
Videos 1-25