
Episode #041 - DRY up your Javascript
https://youtu.be/LVWitgNuSd4&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #042 - FullCalendar Events and Scheduling
https://youtu.be/NiTLuPqvt58&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #043 - Antivirus Uploads with Clamby
https://youtu.be/fDTrfsJDe5k&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #044 - Capturing Signatures with Signature Pad
https://youtu.be/mqjhff5daVA&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #045 - Authentication Crash Course with Devise
https://youtu.be/RGFkP4DQP-g&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #046 - Two Factor Authentication
https://youtu.be/QioeIEkbDrg&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #047 - Authorization with Pundit
https://youtu.be/PWizyTjCAdg&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #048 - Version Control with Git Flow
https://youtu.be/_CUfArRzQ3M&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #049 - Rails API Basics
https://youtu.be/ltoxA7hqAc8&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #050 - Rails API - Active Model Serializers
https://youtu.be/Ah5SaN1linA&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #051 - Rails API - Authentication with JWT
https://youtu.be/Lvlhh6qhTIE&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #052 - Rails API - Throttling with RackAttack
https://youtu.be/Sas6vxlMxCE&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #053 - Database Index Optimization and Migration Maintenance
https://youtu.be/MMtCQpb0gbI&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #054 - Getting Started - Ruby on Rails - Development Environment yt
https://youtu.be/bbq8FHAGmoc&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #055 - Charts and Graphs
https://youtu.be/g1EOHvzljwY&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #056 - Redis
https://youtu.be/gJnzIJAwo64&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #057 - Getting Started - Ruby on Rails - Architectural Overview
https://youtu.be/9PAN-dvROl4&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #058 - Mail Previews and Templates
https://youtu.be/lUFgOiYP9yM&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #059 - Background Jobs with Sidekiq
https://youtu.be/CStZg8ql9Vs&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #060  - Sidekiq on Production
https://youtu.be/7IBVg7myy7k&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #061 - Periodic Tasks with sidekiq-cron
https://youtu.be/LCwACWLkeFo&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #062 - Security and Static Code Analyzers
https://youtu.be/HYGuCettuGA&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #063 - Client Side Encryption
https://youtu.be/bV-kGD_RWKo&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #064 - Ruby Tips and Tricks
https://youtu.be/BRdds2lcBNA&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #065 - Searchkick and Elasticsearch
https://youtu.be/jb4lrihz6_E&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP
Videos 101-125