
Amazing things your ORM can or can't do - Louise Grandjonc
https://youtu.be/tphMOCl6p6Y&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

As We May Program - Peter Norvig
https://youtu.be/J573tlzlSC4&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Be Ye Therefore Wise As Serpents - Grant Jenks
https://youtu.be/HF-83WaQq8A&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Boring Object Orientation - Moshe Zadka
https://youtu.be/4oiJIHG9xNU&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Building a Sustainable Python Package Index - Dustin  Ingram
https://youtu.be/9ZiDt1FRfRo&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Busy Beaver The Chicago Python Community Engagement Slack Bot - Aly Sivji
https://youtu.be/AuTODIJKuRA&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

CUDA in your Python  Parallel Programming on the GPU - William Horton
https://youtu.be/c9Ezk6d3IuY&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

CuPy  A NumPy compatible Library for the GPU - Sean Farley
https://youtu.be/_AKDqw6li58&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

DebiasML - Dr  Leena Murgai
https://youtu.be/VCyk0_I-8BM&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Deep Learning By Doing - Bill Chen
https://youtu.be/Wh1eJYBnxws&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Extending GDB with Python - Lisa Roach
https://youtu.be/xt9v5t4_zvE&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Identifying influencers via Slack Messages in Python using Network Analysis and NLP - Eva Sasson
https://youtu.be/nX6anUO7xqk&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Koalas  Easy Transition from pandas to Apache Spark - Xiao Li
https://youtu.be/cMDLoGkidEE&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Lightning talk - Hannah
https://youtu.be/9hgR7uphJa8&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

PEP 581 and PEP 588  Migrating CPython's Issue Tracker - Mariatta
https://youtu.be/6TxDyDPSZzs&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Perceiving Python Programming Paradigms - Jigyasa Grover
https://youtu.be/Gm72cIo9_58&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Plugins  using importlib to build self describing apis - Daniel Wallace
https://youtu.be/NRynSD6MCLE&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Pushing the limits of Python ML infra at Netflix - Ville Tuulos, Ravi Kiran Chirravuri, Savin Goyal
https://youtu.be/8jTo3bVni3E&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Python Steering Council Panel - Paul Everitt, ≈Åukasz Langa, Barry Warsaw, Benjamin Peterson, Emily M
https://youtu.be/rnwClOVoNTc&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Real Time Bidding Models in Computational Advertising - Allie
https://youtu.be/XjBsmzKftm0&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Robotic Motion with Django II - Mark
https://youtu.be/ZLkpuUqFGNs&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Spack The Supercomputing Package Manager - Todd Gamblin
https://youtu.be/iTLBkpHskzA&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

What to do with a Flock of lambdas - Andy Fundinger
https://youtu.be/aUROUOcrZyE&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

What's Coming in 3 8  Assignment Expressions & More! - Adam Forsyth
https://youtu.be/OtdQN24Z5MA&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Why is my tractor in the Gulf of Mexico - Donna Okazaki
https://youtu.be/kOXHJlA3lkU&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW
Videos 1-25