
Alberto Rios & Oliver Hughes talk Kubernetes with Arun Gupta
https://youtu.be/QrEWZMtaVjI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Ana Maria Mihalceanu joins Arun Gupta for a chat at Devoxx BE 2019
https://youtu.be/-Vw3_Uq-WRk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Arthas Alibaba Java Diagnostic Tool by Loïc Mathieu
https://youtu.be/GgeT5O1iWzc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Battle Of The Microservice Frameworks Micronaut versus Quarkus edition! by Michel Schudel
https://youtu.be/hnEXOqcNXPs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Broken Buildtools and Bad Behaviors; The Maven Story by Robert Scholte
https://youtu.be/2HyGxtsDf60&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Developer First A New Leadership Mindset  by Kate Wardin
https://youtu.be/rObm6HqXA48&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Event-driven business automation powered by cloud native Java by Swiderski & Vacchi & Fusco
https://youtu.be/KBkX6v57Jbo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Everything you need to know about GraalVM by Oleg Šelaje  & Thomas Wuerthinger
https://youtu.be/ANN9rxYo5Hg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Graeme Rocher speaks with Arun Gupta at Devoxx BE 2019
https://youtu.be/lL2K9C_0wIU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Helm your way with Kubernetes by Ana Maria Mihalceanu
https://youtu.be/YiXf4Pqyl0A&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Java 12 & 13  What's new and noteworthy By Piotr Przybyl
https://youtu.be/UhtgxxDa-BQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Java keeps throttling up! by José Paumard & Remi Forax
https://youtu.be/Y-744emVGoo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Kate Stanley joins Bert Jan Schrijver during Devoxx BE 2019 to talk Kubernetes & Kafta
https://youtu.be/cviKF7fhmSo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Micronaut Deep Dive by Graeme Rocher
https://youtu.be/S5yfTfPeue8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

MLflow Platform for Complete Machine Learning Lifecycle by Quentin Ambard
https://youtu.be/8YS3rwolOH4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Mohammed Aboullaite talks to Mark Hazell at Devoxx BE 2019
https://youtu.be/BX2iCauGkFA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Money, Money, Money, can be funny with JSR 354 by Werner Keil
https://youtu.be/heH08CROmb0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Speedy build for your java application images with JIB! by Mohammed Aboullaite
https://youtu.be/bkC1spGOI7Y&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Understanding Security Threats Against MachineDeep Learning Applications by Abraham Kang
https://youtu.be/dPO-jDm1h-g&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Use your data to tell stories by Astrid Belder & Charalampos Xanthopoulakis
https://youtu.be/NV5qwfsW1Bw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Victor Rentea joins Ana Maria Mihalceanu at Devoxx Belgium 2019
https://youtu.be/00-hyJs6Czo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

WebXR  augmented reality lands into our web browsers by Vincent Ogloblinsky
https://youtu.be/1ePzMLWL8Ek&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Wiremock because your microservice needs a buddy when you're testing by Rosanne Joosten
https://youtu.be/ddUMyLsDkLw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Writing a Kubernetes Operator in Java by Fabian Stäber
https://youtu.be/Q9nuMJ6usFY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Yishai Galatzer joins Arun Gupta for a chat at Devoxx BE 2019
https://youtu.be/zPSxXlg3MUg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q
Videos 176-200