
Building Better Websites with Remix by Kent C. Dodds
https://youtu.be/EwVoHu0dgfg&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Building Better Websites with Remix
https://youtu.be/KoSoLRlya9U&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Building excellent user experiences with Remix - Kent C. Dodds  GURU TALKS
https://youtu.be/r2Gks2qm0AY&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Building Excellent User Experiences with Remix
https://youtu.be/xl-8VgF8wH4&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Closing Keynote Practically Testing
https://youtu.be/_mHy9U0jAG0&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

ConnectTech2021 - Kent C  Dodds   Don't Solve Problems, Eliminate Them
https://youtu.be/yE_PlrvF4OA&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

ConnectTech2021 - Kent C Dodds   Super Simple Start to Remix
https://youtu.be/zyz4PR6RG0U&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Consume ➡️ Build ➡️ Teach - Kent C. Dodds
https://youtu.be/yUcd_gXByoQ&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Don't Solve Problems, Eliminate Them - Kent C Dodds, React Advanced 2021
https://youtu.be/SMJKUHNrPng&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Entrevista com Kent C. Dodds sobre Remix.run
https://youtu.be/lW_hoAwVxf4&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

First Remix Bay Area First Meetup (March 2022)
https://youtu.be/Cwwr9yFBHnA&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Gorrion Unplugged #12 Introduction to Remix by Kent C. Dodds
https://youtu.be/T0aigxxfGrc&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Handling Content on the Modern Web (Virtual Panel)
https://youtu.be/0hp-G107dT0&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

How I Built a Website in 2021 - Kent C. Dodds
https://youtu.be/owOZMwNPAyc&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Infobip Shift 2021 Don't Solve Problems, Eliminate Them - Kent C  Dodds Kent C  Dodds Tech LLC
https://youtu.be/EETYrR8TOoc&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

JavaScript Marathon Introduction to Remix ft Kent C.  Dodds
https://youtu.be/cEngdGLw5qM&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Kent C. Dodds giving an overview of the problems Remix solves
https://youtu.be/r6sDMntthms&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Kent Dodds - Managing State Management
https://youtu.be/ZguCD2Flx14&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Managing React Application State Management - Talk by Kent C. Dodds
https://youtu.be/zpUMRsAO6-Y&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

React All-Day Testing Library  Ep. 5
https://youtu.be/sVMv3H7x8ew&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

React Denver Intro to Remix with Kent C. Dodds
https://youtu.be/tAHVmkHOr_w&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

React Wednesdays Learn Remix Framework with Kent C. Dodds
https://youtu.be/QgY49LCD8jQ&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Remix Run Uppsala - Introduction to remix with Kent C Dodds
https://youtu.be/3v8zaM1dO5s&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Remix Stacks
https://youtu.be/qNhdiP62eIo&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Remix Utah March
https://youtu.be/4pBKWRjwCgE&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf
Videos 1-25