
Advanced Counter Caching  Preview
https://youtu.be/TYn7iEnSfik

Analytics with Segment  Preview
https://youtu.be/ia_UpvQTaq4

Charts with Chartkick and Groupdate
https://youtu.be/XLP43z9Df14

Code Review Run Number Refactoring  Preview
https://youtu.be/G9gssx_zL7A

Debugging Ruby How to Interpret a Stacktrace
https://youtu.be/xwRao5OZzSU

Decorator Pattern with the Draper gem
https://youtu.be/V76l8DxkHdo

Deploying Rails to your own servers with Hatch
https://youtu.be/uwiAgiQAGcA

Feature Flags with Rollout  Preview
https://youtu.be/uNX1lsqkcIE

Fixing Counter Cache Bugs with Paranoia  Preview
https://youtu.be/bLebC0WBRlw

Form Object Pattern  Preview
https://youtu.be/O_ME4UaHvik

Global Autocomplete Search with Rails
https://youtu.be/ibxlNN73UTY

How to use Vue.js and Turbolinks together
https://youtu.be/lGToT9RyDxc

iTunes Controller Code Review Part 1  Preview
https://youtu.be/n00bw_v2TnY

iTunes Controller Code Review Part 2  Preview
https://youtu.be/z8mZh7jJr7k

iTunes Controller Code Review Part 3  Preview
https://youtu.be/BQeE6sLJ_fA

Metrics with Ahoy and Blazer
https://youtu.be/nJRupUjyO08

Migrating From jQuery to Vanilla Javascript
https://youtu.be/jUCsUIm5_6w

Primer on Rails 5.1's new UJS library  Preview
https://youtu.be/PvdZQzF2OGU

Select or Create Field with Selectize.js
https://youtu.be/cTbHCrm6uOU

Stripe Elements (v3) Javascript Library  Preview
https://youtu.be/OxAVGAXNFkQ

User Preferences & Settings with ActiveRecordStore  Preview
https://youtu.be/IOOthkMgZ1M

Using VueJS for Nested Forms with Rails  Part 1
https://youtu.be/3Vt20jpoUiI

Using VueJS for Nested Forms with Rails  Part 2
https://youtu.be/C3nug3Xo0D8

Using Webpack in Rails with the Webpacker gem
https://youtu.be/Szs1DwEMhPg

When to use Callbacks and Dependencies in Rails  Preview
https://youtu.be/hci4zQEBz6Q
Videos 301-325