
A Groovy journey in Open Source land by Guillaume Laforge
https://youtu.be/ccm7KeHUFyc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

A scalable sales organisation thanks to smarter lead management by Jeroen De Wit
https://youtu.be/NoUAKn-dUWg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Advanced Modular Development by Mark ReinholdAlan Bateman
https://youtu.be/SU1WFX8yeKM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

AngularJS FTW by Sebastian JanzenRoman Stranghöner
https://youtu.be/ViIUK9HvX7U&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Arquillian Cube Production Near Unit Tests Against Docker Images by Andy Gumbrecht
https://youtu.be/o4-6Ix9K5ak&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Everything You Need to Know to Grow Open Source by Dan Allen
https://youtu.be/a_vqg-go8XI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Graal.JS - high-performance JavaScript on the JVM by Christian Wirth
https://youtu.be/OUo3BFMwQFo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

HTTP 2 0 & Java Current Status by Simone Bordet
https://youtu.be/QpLtBftqM04&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

IOT, timeseries and prediction with Android, Cassandra and Spark by Amira Lakhal
https://youtu.be/1DV9Kdec0-A&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Java SE 8 for Java EE Developers by David DelabasseeJosé Paumard
https://youtu.be/OCBqisJAwi8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Knowledge is Power Getting out of trouble by understanding Git by Steve Smith
https://youtu.be/sevc6668cQ0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Lean Pricing – Pricing Strategies for Startups by Nick Boucart
https://youtu.be/BJ3iKG6YcbA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Lean Startup for Developers conference by Sebastien Arbogast
https://youtu.be/gLHn8SXPTYg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

MVC 1.0 - by Example by Ivar GrimstadRene Gielen
https://youtu.be/7YpZd742BDw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Need for Async In pursuit of internet-scale apps by Konrad Malawski
https://youtu.be/91jSc8tFTzA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Open to a Shift. Belgian e-government’s journey to PaaS by Jef Verelst
https://youtu.be/EBsX2IcM2sA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Plugin Gradle, take the control of the build! by Eyal LEZMY
https://youtu.be/TfdiiYHWFTw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Predicting the Future with Machine Learning by Amy Nicholson
https://youtu.be/SlJ-zKvAUOE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Samsung Developer Program and Free Tools for Android Developers by Victor Okunev
https://youtu.be/HKniJAclSVY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Software architecture as code by Simon Brown
https://youtu.be/oDpdaXt0HQI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Startup in a corporate - The story of Start It @KBC
https://youtu.be/5yxhRGK384M&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

The Design of a Reliable and Secure Operating System by Andrew Tanenbaum
https://youtu.be/oS4UWgHtRDw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Updates to the Java API for JSON Processing for Java EE 8 by Alex SotoMite Mitreski
https://youtu.be/t87W95Y_qDE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

What is next for the JCP by Patrick Curran
https://youtu.be/8BDV5xah8xU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

What's new in Spring Data by Oliver Gierke
https://youtu.be/NVB2AmMRUBI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb
Videos 151-175