
Agile is STILL a Dirty Word! by James Birnie
https://youtu.be/rUXQmY8f2Ow&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Best Practices to Spring to Kubernetes Easier and Faster  by Ray Tsang
https://youtu.be/c16oOeTfFXM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Coroutines for Java Developers by Eugene Petrenko
https://youtu.be/wBpKAv4i8Ug&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Developing Java applications leveraging the Quantum Internet  by Johan Vos
https://youtu.be/3V6_AYP6XhA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Discovering Augmented Reality with ARCore by Christophe Jollivet & Jérémy Voisin
https://youtu.be/dpNoAq3_tVc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Dissecting HelloWorld Kotlin & Java by Simon Schell
https://youtu.be/F53szP5H7Z0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Easily find your conference pictures using the power of the cloud by Tim van Eijndhoven
https://youtu.be/M2LH6DEIDXU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Evolving a Pragmatic, Clean Architecture   A Craftsman's Guide by Victor Rentea
https://youtu.be/KOqIUNUq2Gg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Evolving Java for the Serverless Era with Micronaut by Graeme Rocher
https://youtu.be/UjK7YY30Iuc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Facts you may not know about Kotlin by Eugene Petrenko
https://youtu.be/NURkLq6BzLE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

GraalVM native images explained by Oleg Šelajev
https://youtu.be/YvVnBOMi0Rs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

I got an NFC chip in my hand, now what by Shahzada Hatim
https://youtu.be/Er-b0jYxVVE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Implementing a Simple JVM in Rust by Ben Evans
https://youtu.be/7ECbwgkHdAE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Introducing Apache Kafka by Katherine Stanley
https://youtu.be/VxGotIXLUxs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Kotlin Under the Hood by Chet Haase &  Romain Guy
https://youtu.be/ULgEn3-pzzs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Lightweight Enterprise Java with MicroProfile by Roberto Cortez
https://youtu.be/VLLLaZbciAg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

My first steps on Deep Learning with Keras by Loïc Mathieu
https://youtu.be/V5bpdpwDmwg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Performance Diagnostics with Open Distro for Elasticsearch by Alolita Sharma and Chandra Adithya
https://youtu.be/9_Fs1Tz4vZI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Project Loom Helping Write Concurrent Applications on the Java Platform by Ron Pressler
https://youtu.be/lIq-x_iI-kc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Qualities of a Highly Effective Architect Keynote by Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/QeKheNfO3Yg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Surveillance Detection Scout – Your Lookout on Autopilot by Truman Kain
https://youtu.be/7p64EgUOqGk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Unit Testing like a Pro - Towards a Testable Design  by Victor Rentea
https://youtu.be/mMvrCDW6rVM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Up, to make serverless... Problemless! by Siegfried Ehret
https://youtu.be/EHS1SkVCk2c&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Welcome to LWorld The current state of value types in Java  by Tobi Ajila
https://youtu.be/Xf22I16jVyE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

What happens after your startup is acquired by Renata & Tamasi
https://youtu.be/TcP7OWbmY8Q&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q
Videos 101-125