
Python Basics Adding Strings
https://youtu.be/AIVgi1ZXCdU

Python Basics Conditional  Statements if - else pt 2
https://youtu.be/rzBp4VujpS0

Python Basics Conditional  Statements nested  if - else pt 3
https://youtu.be/rx31W3y6LDA

Python Basics Conditional Statements  True - False
https://youtu.be/nOIld_OMQL8

Python Basics For Loop with List
https://youtu.be/3p-eT-Vsqec

Python Basics Functions in a Script file
https://youtu.be/0-yA3DOG4Pw

Python Basics Functions in Shell(IDLE)
https://youtu.be/Ajd2cpRuX2w

Python Basics Functions Part 2
https://youtu.be/13q4S6get3g

Python Basics Functions with return
https://youtu.be/jZQayL5X_WY

Python Basics Lists Append and Extend Methods
https://youtu.be/3_HLQfSPiZM

Python Basics Lists Method Sort
https://youtu.be/5gDs_ifF25o

Python Basics Modulo To Find The Remainder of Division
https://youtu.be/1WY5o1uluzg

Python Basics Nested For loop
https://youtu.be/LMmPuS07-f4

Python Basics Range function with a for loop
https://youtu.be/wiAMJeaUYDk

Python Basics Slicing Strings
https://youtu.be/QDg4NYQxd-k

Python Basics Strings Lower and Capitalize
https://youtu.be/_QVNzHegrcw

Python Basics Tutorial String Assignment
https://youtu.be/L130KJV8ITk

Python Basics What Are Floats
https://youtu.be/Q5G8DA1Pano

Python Basics What Are Integers
https://youtu.be/3okc2kiiijA

Python Basics Why elif
https://youtu.be/VpsBRHUDkrQ
Videos 976-995