
AWS Lambda (Java)--Cost and Performance ARM (Graviton) vs. Intel #slideless #serverless
https://youtu.be/XqxfFIZONC0&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

AWS Lambda Configuration with Java CDK #slideless
https://youtu.be/Z3Ir-AQEsKk&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

AWS Lambda How Bad Is Java's Reflection For (Coldstart) Performance #slideless
https://youtu.be/HGnUCfYB6Pc&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

AWS Lambda Java (Corretto 11) vs. JavaScript #slideless
https://youtu.be/28Da0l0MFms&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

AWS Lambda on Java How Good  Bad Is The Cold Start #slideless
https://youtu.be/EXSZ5TFgUKU&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Creating Reusable AWS CDK Java Constructs  Modules with Maven
https://youtu.be/WrS-qQjZ5xU&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

CyberJUG-HHWhy is everybody talking about Quarkus #slideless
https://youtu.be/nXXPOS8gjtA&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Deleted video
https://youtu.be/PZEzaaz3Tvo&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Deploying Web Components to Amazon S3 #slideless
https://youtu.be/EtvyaUJjg_E&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Emitting CloudWatch Metrics with Quarkus, AWS Lambda and Lambda Power Tools for Java #slideless
https://youtu.be/-8jPHzYrHsM&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Fetching AWS Systems Manager's Configuration with Quarkus #slideless
https://youtu.be/VSoXO2iOmEU&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

FIRESIDE CHAT WITH ADAM BIEN
https://youtu.be/XgT3ZyGlpHY&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Helidon on Graviton #slideless
https://youtu.be/qD_v6-WZVxw&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

helidon with netbeans the developer experience
https://youtu.be/d4zy_cfC-6g&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Infrastructure as Java Code (IaJC) Setting AWS System Manager Parameter #slideless
https://youtu.be/eTG7EV1ThqQ&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Java User Group (JUG) Stockholm Java EE Was Serverless--Now Comes Cloudy Quarkus #serverless
https://youtu.be/JsGuUiwU6vU&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

JAX-RS API documentation Reasonable practice  DevNation Day 2020
https://youtu.be/CPu2Oscf0ng&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

JAX-RS with MicroProfile Reactive Messaging #slideless
https://youtu.be/6VGLl3qktVQ&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Live from 13th WDI Warsaw Fast and Productive Serverless Java in the Clouds
https://youtu.be/QmPw3fOAgf8&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Micrometer metrics filtering with Quarkus #slideless
https://youtu.be/P17byHUeZV0&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

micronaut.io with a touch of microprofile #slideless
https://youtu.be/-36Jk5F-Q00&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Performance Impression MicroProfile on Quarkus as AWS Lambda Fat Function #slideless
https://youtu.be/VSadpI-b1hU&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Plain Java POJOs as AWS Lambdas #slideless
https://youtu.be/rHq514-1aHM&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Serverless Java #slideless
https://youtu.be/_ey9hT1bTf8&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Serverless MicroProfile and Jakarta EE on Payara Cloud #slideless
https://youtu.be/IaGf3Geq-IM&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD
Videos 1-25