
#1 Whats the Problem with Web Development.url
https://youtu.be/-X_lFDtMmGY

#2 React to Rescue.url
https://youtu.be/MQNoF8R7x4M

Adding an Association Post has many Comments.url
https://youtu.be/9pPKiBp4kaE

Configuring and Running Chai Tests.url
https://youtu.be/EtJb3Ssh3zk

Create Update Delete Using Mongoose.url
https://youtu.be/_Vx55YOYIzs

Creating Comment to Post Associations.url
https://youtu.be/ZKGV5zb7s3Q

Curl Basics.url
https://youtu.be/8AkMLbc2KEg

Deleting MongoDB.url
https://youtu.be/LEBvoxEvTQw

Installing and Setting Up Mocha.url
https://youtu.be/_56LSAV_hEA

Installing and Setting Up MongoDb Database.url
https://youtu.be/ClxZx9Xkes0

Invoking Next Routes.url
https://youtu.be/ccsIFsbphqY

Migration References.url
https://youtu.be/egRRIgb3Xto

MongoDb Operations.url
https://youtu.be/bfscsuQhmEo

Parameters and Query Strings.url
https://youtu.be/P9xY9ag-bCk

Passing Errors Middleware.url
https://youtu.be/2lF-kYRuUaU

Posting JSON.url
https://youtu.be/T4Rf0NEj50A

Returning JSON from Node Express API.url
https://youtu.be/dIhGddkSMpU

Schemas and Models in Mongoose.url
https://youtu.be/nSWb6vmQBlc

Sequelize Bulk Operations.url
https://youtu.be/69YoHoBY_-s

Sequelize Validation.url
https://youtu.be/HLqZc0IWkgE

Testing Express App.url
https://youtu.be/njJGwNeCNgs

Token Authentication Express.url
https://youtu.be/o-tk_EpTJAQ

Updating Documents in MongoDb.url
https://youtu.be/3Qz3z49e_0I

Validating Input.url
https://youtu.be/rvzpq83XSwM

Validating Models with Mongoose.url
https://youtu.be/TX1S71DKFg4
Videos 551-575