
JS Quick Hits 15 - Async  Await
https://youtu.be/BvTeHs9Nabs

JS Quick Hits 16 - DOM Query Selectors
https://youtu.be/ngCv-HHu0tU

JS Quick Hits 17 - Document Methods
https://youtu.be/r9tW6cR1R1Y

JS Quick Hits 18 - Nodelist vs. Array
https://youtu.be/gCfx8MVXvDk

JS Quick Hits 19 - Import  Export
https://youtu.be/Cc2o55i8E7U

JS Quick Hits 21 - Object.assign Issues
https://youtu.be/CCgffQHeZsk

JS Quick Hits 22 - Prototypes Part 1
https://youtu.be/MVMsqBfUBNU

JS Quick Hits 23 - Prototypes Part 2
https://youtu.be/PXPO-lC-Y9s

JS Quick Hits 24 - Property Enumerability
https://youtu.be/wSiVkvuTVq0

JS Quick Hits 25 - Array.forEach
https://youtu.be/JE77_Jr1w5c

JS Quick Hits 26 - ES2015 String Methods
https://youtu.be/KazVcweIil0

JS Quick Hits 27 - ES2015 Number Improvements Part 1
https://youtu.be/YCdJA3BmdkA

JS Quick Hits 28 - ES2015 Number Improvements Part 2
https://youtu.be/191DRL8R4gA

JS Quick Hits 29 - Bubble Sort
https://youtu.be/_YEPQghMHLY

JS Quick Hits 30 - Array.sort
https://youtu.be/1ppGIKYva7w

JS Quick Hits 31 - Node Module 1 - Node Basics
https://youtu.be/abAoT0wpjl4

JS Quick Hits 32 - Node Module 2 - Building the Module
https://youtu.be/iPLBPI1RvJo

JS Quick Hits 33 - Node Module 3 - Package the Module
https://youtu.be/KW4I8LXHLuw

JS Quick Hits 34 - Reader Question - Array.reduce
https://youtu.be/KH9qW2yjcow

JS Quick Hits 35 - Array.push and Array.pop
https://youtu.be/qoVTdM-EMeM

JS Quick Hits 36 - Comparisons with Logical Operators
https://youtu.be/yoPJkh8myFg

JS Quick Hits 37 - Immutability Basics
https://youtu.be/A8V8D46mqXo

JS Quick Hits 38 - Immutable Approaches
https://youtu.be/0Oknt9Cy6fM

JS Quick Hits 39 - Intro to Immutable.js
https://youtu.be/Nf-DVU39qHc

JS Quick Hits 40 - Increment  Decrement Operators
https://youtu.be/oY3NL9PhLFc
Videos 76-100