
(Part 2) Explanation of Masculine & Feminine & How to Unify Them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vbZejRBamo

13 Confessions of a New Age Guy [Comedy]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZZ4N_avCp4

14 Random Facts About Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FU6yMY2MAL4

3 Different Ways to Deal With Criticism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lq6wKzLlmf4

A Basic Meditation for Beginners (How to Meditate)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-bTU5CWUPs

A beautiful spot in the Himalayas (Manali, India)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hut58jIwLVE

A CALL FOR THE AWAKENING OF HUMANITY (Inspiring Speech)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h37tVVzs0tw

A Message for Those Who Miss the Spirit World (Heaven)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-yFhHiRBsY

A Message to Christians Who Say I'm Going to Hell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jRyG_ZqbeI

A Message to Men on Understanding Women
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pwpa69poAl0

A New Vision of God What Does God want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwsH2AzfqvI

A Powerful Spiritual Awakening Experience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFsx_U3n-_g

A Powerful Spiritual Healing Exercise—The Body Vibrating Technique
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dd6VT5gkcBA

A Powerful Technique for Clearing Energy Blockages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KYRpnJZJEo

A pretty snowstorm in Jasper, Alberta & future travel plans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e45vyKKHit0

A Rant Against Fundamentalist Spirituality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWp6m1VD1eE

A Simple, Powerful Emotional Healing Exercise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4oMaqnWga2Q

A Song of Exquisite Beauty & Poignant Melancholy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRv5b8WqPQE

A Spiritual Adventure in Hawaii
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_78zpYy2QyA

A Spiritual Analogy for Life on Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sv2XdW0p070

A Spiritual Exercise for Releasing Anxiety & Negative Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aowjsFSwmc

A Spiritually Awakened Man (Shunyamurti)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8E87caOL2pw

A Strange Childhood Experience That Blew My Mind Open
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfRRloTBN1U

A strange story from the Rainbow Gathering in Utah
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dUWcP2F5Rg4

A supermoon in Canada & the Grateful Dead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6a21HmRzd4w

A taste of real India at Paharganj bazaar, Delhi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNRBdMbFHL4

A taste of real India in Jaisalmer, Rajasthan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8uzTlbaNgw

A Tour of My Life on Planet Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMZvOy5YKUE

A Yoga Lesson for Travelers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-L22DN9p20

Absolute Proof of a Spiritual Reality (Metaphysical Realm)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJ7fisjUYx0

Absolute Proof of Life on Other Planets (Extra-Terrestrials)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=22jR0wRWKBo

Abundance vs. Simplicity on the Spiritual Path
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G9z-xT2HcnU

Acroyoga in Rishikesh, India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IwohhOYXSec

Addicted to Conspiracy Porn Conspiracy Paranoia Syndrome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJY33GR4C2I

Adventures in Astral Travel My Out of Body Experiences (OBE)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEDFWgf5T6g

Aloha From Hawaii!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EV4oPC3fsQc

Amazing banyan tree & swimming at Waikiki, Hawaii
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXL0uaQfHE4

Amazing FREE intestinal cleanse (colonic)—Saltwater flush
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DH8jX6890y8

Amazing hot springs in the Himalayas (Manakarin, India)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIBz04PuXKE

Amazing views of the Teotihuacan Pyramids, Mexico
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cd-13ubAwM

An amazing technique for stress relief in India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quQSOxlCfjQ

An Annoying Thing Conspiracy Theorists Do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52UrfFT0tzA

An Easy Way to Understand What the Universe Might Be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Onv8Dwin3cU

An effective muscle relaxation exercise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0EV7IMBOoM

An Explanation of Masculine & Feminine & How to Unify Them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0c7gmvs-6M

An Explanation of the Chakras & the Path to Enlightenment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxBfZCqz8vk

An Important Message of Peace from Jesus [Comedy]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=894huY_xRaE

An Urgent Warning to Earth from an Alien [Comedy]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zlt4fza_RU

Are New Age Beliefs a Distraction from Spiritual Growth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7fKiFBYR-A

Are Pleiadians the Angels from the Bible (Channeled Beings)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ywgsBGVtYY

Are Thoughts & Emotions an Illusion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5MWN4fzLrQ

Are Yoga and Meditation Evil Yoga and Christianity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QcAyyq3Xi44

Are You Prepared to Be Wrong About Everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgBkjwG5P6k

Ascension & Enlightenment You Must Go Down Before You Can Go Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZl_QePFPc4

Ascension, Jesus & the Shroud of Turin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iS7z-EM3CVw

Astral Travel & Going to the Moon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fktFyELvpxU

Author Gabriel Morris on Kundalini, Spiritual Awakening, Teal Swan & More
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVi8PGaBWMk

Avoid titanium dioxide in soap, sunscreen & toothpaste!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UEZ1CmGqz9A

Awesome musical jam session in Rishikesh, India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=in-rv1QA7RQ

Awesome Spiritual Authors Carlos Castaneda, Barbara Marciniak, Barbara Hand Clow, Ceanne Derohan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h47e411yngQ

Balancing Spiritual Energies in Trying Times
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxYHizvcQKY

Beautiful Indian music in Rishikesh, India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tquoarLqABE

Beautiful Rainbow Gathering music, by Jeff Curtis Rebirth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NH0ZeIQGCU

Beautiful Rainbow Gathering music, by Jeff Curtis Untitled
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3IuSIlN0PVM

Blatant Media Deception to Distract the People—Wake up America!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XK0Bwbdb080

Camping at Steens Mountain in southeast Oregon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvh5178vJbk

Can Spiritual Teachers Be Trusted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-T2pKtp4_Ns

Can the Law of Attraction Help Starving Children in Africa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbCZF412rgs

Can the Rich Get into Heaven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5jIGOJ4LQ_g

Catching Butterflies, The Vagabond Song (Paros, Greece)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qI6hbsKbrOY

Coming Consciously Into the Moment (Be Here Now)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4CZIx_6a5CY

Confessions I Am a Goddess Worshiper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2IBMiT8UJj8

Confessions I Was Raised by Pot-Growing Hippies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SURUG80MU_k

Contradictory Statements of Spiritual Teachers Teal Swan, Bashar, Abraham, A.J. Miller
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MdLWbO2EPJU

Create Your Own Religion Reply to Teal Swan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LznYQmr6mL8

Creating a Sacred Spiritual Space
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b54gQHihdgE

Crop Circles Strange Unanswered Questions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipNByRTYMSQ

Dealing with Insomnia & Chronic Exhaustion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-DguaVOR3w

Death of the Ego
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCE-he9A4Jg

Demonstration of Breath of Fire (Yogapranayama)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pjvaSRiJPg

Do No Harm Vegetarianism & Spirituality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnE_cxg4-3M

Do Our Souls Have a Gender (Masculine or Feminine)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVn1Mq0eAKI

Do We Have 2 Suns Binary Star TheoryPrecession of the Equinoxes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqfoGYKsxIw

Does Be Here Now Mean Neglecting the Future
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQPzeDdw8Uo

Does true happiness require having no preferences
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4nxsKByzUA

Does What We Resist Persist A New Age Mantra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQGyVzwq3mA

Don't Waste Your Time with Positive Thinking!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dlnjSPXo0Rg

Earth is Becoming a Powerful Spiritual School
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sCJ6I6TXeIM

Earth's Second Sun A Plausible Theory (Binary Star System)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npqqW09nK0M

Easy crown chakra exercise for clearing energy blockages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pC-3nkmqNc

Easy Yoga Anyone Can Do! Sun Salutations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBCbivgKMTY

Easy Yoga in 3 Minutes Forward bend & variations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74ADtZvX_eo

Easy Yoga in 3 Minutes Shoulder stand & plow pose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HV3K2O0VqXo

Easy Yoga in 3 Minutes Spinal flexes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=liWEVKwEk4A

Easy Yoga in 3 Minutes Upper body twists
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVZwkyLYMuE

Easy yoga lesson in Rishikesh, India, Yoga Capital of the World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbkyFQWG6U4

Emotional Breakdown or Spiritual Breakthrough
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c209Dok83Yo

Emotional Wounds Are Like Bullets (Emotional Healing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5c2I3BvySs

Energy Flowing is Bliss! A Spiritual Philosophy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9EjcTrkyGc

Exploring Ecstatic States of Being
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3KSVwUQ70Q

Exploring Incan Ruins in the Andes of Peru (Ollantaytambo)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FF23PVi33w

Exploring the desert dunes of Rajasthan, India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kZ5TBZxARs

Exploring the Ganges River in Rishikesh, India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_89UoTbagtw

Exploring the Mayan ruins of Chichen Itza, Mexico
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqvJQRzARm8

Exploring the Nature of Mind & Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=be3tLDmP104

Exploring the Thar desert near Jaisalmer, India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcI2gVSElMs

Exploring Varanasi, India on the Ganges River
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcqzYJQ7gmY

Facing Fear for Personal Empowerment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eeVWscyafdw

Fear Cannot Hurt You!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BMVXqHnrgmo

Fear is the Doorway Back to God
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=73NFPxI_zKw

Feminine Power vs. Ancient Visions of God
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70eyDXec4cA

Finding Balance Between Humility & Your Greatness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzhvNeRRYp0

Flat Earth Theory No Way in Hell is the Earth Flat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=495SDjohnyA

Gabriel Kundalini A Journey of Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ah5LKM978Og

Gabriel Morris Spiritual Author, World Traveler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-_z83hEJqg

Geology & the Legend of Atlantis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UqlEvOpcBlo

Get Off the Internet & Live! Real Life Spirituality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=th3WaEY6CnI

Get Real About the New Age Movement! (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjmtjbkzSyA

Get Real About the New Age Movement!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXHSNvV1Fww

Get Your Energy Moving! My Spiritual Philosophy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rh0L65vFk4

Getting blessed in a tantric temple, India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fUoldl_Bro

Giving a Fck vs. Not Giving a Fck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3EUWpxjFBk

God Doesn't Care If You Follow the Rules
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PDSmIGG69y8

God is Not a Nerd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxmK7AaZ4R4

God loves hitchhikers The law of attraction in action
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlJvSrnxcyY

Greetings from Oregon! And travel plans update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_OIIRgzYxQ

Hard at work on the night shift (not)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a27ZxtxYl1w

Hawaiian Raw Food Goddess Dance Party!! With Dan McDonald (LifeRegenerator)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhcoANjhv4U

Healing the Goddess Creation of the Universe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_7eYchjhC8

Healing the Goddess Kundalini, Jesus & the Heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rb0zUAz_jg

Healing the Goddess The Power of Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PmxGt8bEJ-8

Healing the Goddess The Role of the Masculine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3z5gUEUnpE

Healing with Kundalini Energy & the Physical Body
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GKYp-A1oL9s

Hi From Thailand!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ZGKaagqDws

Hiking around Mcleod Ganj, India, home of the Dalai Lama
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GyKcksicJmY

Hiking at Polihale State Park, Kauai, Hawaii
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSiVHdPIy60

Hiking in the woods, Jasper National Park, Canada
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8qpymCw2TW8

Hiking with my brother in the Wallowa Mountains, Oregon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1L5X1U2zafI

Hiking with Teal Swan, the Spiritual Catalyst in Utah
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpj6mY8RuFE

Hilarious Yoga & New Age Quotes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEU4E4GlyDY

Holy Synchronicity, Teal Swan! (Teal Scott)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Wd_NXGKCao

How Can Women Understand Men Better Exploring Masculinity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4-0E3OqYF4

How Can You Experience a Spiritual Awakening (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WhBwDb9TShE

How Can You Experience a Spiritual Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7AeopNmdWc

How does an enlightened person live their life (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lFBCVI-kXnA

How does an enlightened person live their life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_RqmGz9Y6M

How Emotion Works (The Feeling Body Explained)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tk028C-f428

How fear rules our lives & what to do about it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_pZSoL8PTo

How God & the Goddess Became Separated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqPXEG031SI

How have I changed after Kundalini Awakening 20 years later
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_NRFLdwlFI

How I Came to Earth From Another Dimension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7x0buJWS28

How I Traveled to Earth From the Stars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tz4s2K3W0M0

How Religion Confuses Lucifer & God The Biggest Spiritual Misunderstanding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-QqHpLQDTQ

How the Hell Do You Say Namaste New Age Comedy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9skQfEL8Mk

How the Illuminati Controls the World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sH5VxsTvORA

How to Be Focused On Your Purpose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-FOMxT0omb8

How to Be Gracefully Wrong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovRg15XLOFc

How to Be Here Now in the Real World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxlA-kU6FBo

How to Break Free from Reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kdfvgca2olA

How to catch a bus in India! Incredible India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9M1SqQK8qY4

How to Change Your Feelings The Big Secret
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKaGg_xrNhA

How to Combat Lucifer & Repel Evil  )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dUt7WqHeoKY

How to Connect With Your Higher Self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dvv7HkwYKMA

How to Conquer the Illuminati
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHirOxUkhkw

How to Create Your Own Religion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPbTP3aBqeM

How to deal with anger on the spiritual path
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFy4THHemoo

How to Deal with Anxiety (A Spiritual Approach)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0o0SXnqiQME

How to Deal with Bullies A Simple Solution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I33Xjo6cjDg

How to Deal with Criticism from Others
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4RQ3LDlBaM

How to Deal with Emotional Hell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5lpjGYqZtjg

How to Deal with Strange Spiritual Energies & Experiences
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUc3G8fN7B4

How to Evolve Your Soul (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hL8Afv1fkGs

How to Evolve Your Soul (Part 3)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBXdpEcwshU

How to Evolve Your Soul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72Ha74ITjQ0

How to Experience Altered States of Consciousness (Without Drugs!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLSXYagAzUI

How to Express Your Emotions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgYSXp37Ilo

How to Face Your Fears (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xk6vlo4c7QU

How to Face Your Fears
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MBWf-fGnOqI

How to Fall Off a Tree Doing Yoga
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LylJ7z5n9dI

How to Feel Greater Peace of Mind in 1 Minute
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUcs5IBCr0g

How to Free Yourself From the Projections of Others
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCcfKibMeqg

How to Get Closer to God
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oRHz4RkkCSI

How to Get High on Life (Spiritual Inspiration)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XW7xl_23Rx8

How to Get More Spiritually Grounded
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgU7zwVVWvM

How to Get Radical on the Spiritual Path
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqAM4FK12og

How to Identify False Spiritual Teachers & Gurus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Jp__HsadbY

How to Inspire More Love in the World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSgePtP4ZTo

How to Love a Woman Tantric Sex Techniques
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7E_BGCB_xo

How to Love Your Body & the Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOJPs-uxZSw

How to Meditate An Explanation of Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yof7kBV52As

How to Raise Your Spiritual Vibration A Lesson in Oneness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCIKfURgE9w

How to Release Anger for Greater Peace of Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3iIm-9ze9k

How To Save the World With Your Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UElMl_lIwSE

How to Save Your Soul—Without Jesus!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3ZyNmvNPIY

How to Stop Thinking & Calm the Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1mNitjjN-0

How We Create Our Reality (Law of Attraction)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZLC9W9dzs4

I definitely have an interesting life!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nib5OqHHdyE

I'm Committed to Helping Heal the Planet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bseCn_kez1E

I'm Confused About A.J. Miller (Divine Truth)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNFBsoygawk

Identifying Unacceptable Outcomes in Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pn3_mcOgp3A

If Angels Played Guitars in Heaven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sq3BBZFKBlE

In Defense of the New Age Movement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pWevaNa7Jc

India Travel A weird story from Varanasi on the Ganges River
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ew_OnOcqevk

Inside a mysterious, magical cave in India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2c1-9_CnnDU

Interview with a Tantrica What is Tantra Asttarte Deva Shakti Bliss
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fk49oN1cnAE

Intriguing Interview on Love & Relationships
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_oQnHifbiZ8

Is a world economic collapse coming soon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RR5KETiT4qA

Is A.J. Miller the Return of Jesus Christ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohC3ihLYBUg

Is body movement during meditation okay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DQX5w1lrgC4

Is Fasting Safe My Juice & Water Fasting Experiences & Advice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stjttPUTCxY

Is Fresh Juice Better Than Sex A Juicy Comedy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XomfiYfD4HQ

Is individual will opposed to Divine Will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKOe2WDu0Uo

Is Jesus Christ Buried in Kashmir, India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwTmzyaUNu4

Is Killing Bugs Wrong An Ethical Quandary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UOQRQmePpqk

Is life a movie and we're all actors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCoTYoVIHtk

Is Love Simple or Complicated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2atFVpyoe84

Is Money Evil Understanding Money & Spirituality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Vf7dT321kU

Is Negative Energy Bad or Is It Necessary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2_DjvdfQ_U

Is Non-Attachment in Love Possible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVqxHBqo4uM

Is Science a Religion A New Age Critique of Science & Physics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9Ueay_AJao

Is the ego bad Understanding ego in our lives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6nx0dDl0To

Is the New Age Movement a Money-Making Scam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZ_naLke8Hs

Is the New Age Movement a Religion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOdGPju_DTQ

Is the Shroud of Turin Real or a Hoax
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8slB4JSULRg

Is the Universe a Holographic Illusion What Does That Mean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6QVzQyCWqpA

Is there good & evil or is everything love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qo1p_uaELaw

Jesus Will Not Save You! The Misunderstanding of Christianity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnwmWxaE_dc

Jesus, Mary & Tantric Sex Temples of India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6NgLPBzeXuo

Just another day in Hawaii...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWcMIT52UV4

Keys to Happiness in Life Breaking the Mold (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQxx8VzZOP4

Keys to Happiness in Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIjwaGJFl2A

Kundalini & the Art of Being A Story of Kundalini Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mxy8svsW5wE

Kundalini & the Power of Awakening A Spontaneous Kundalini Experience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eMmv1j2V7lQ

Kundalini and the Art of Being A powerful story of spiritual awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IGcE9_xJeO4

Kundalini Awakening Discussion Interview with Author Gabriel Morris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wiRs9MUsHQ

Kundalini Awakening vs. Other Spiritual Awakenings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adtyBWl88Yk

Kundalini discussion in India Kundalini awakening, kundalini energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQupfcIH7Hg

Kundalini is a River The Power of Kundalini Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_knu8h5av8

Kundalini is Consciousness Exploring Kundalini Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OziUJs7lQpI

Kundalini is Love Understanding Kundalini Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhxy6QrqpJk

Kundalini Love Bliss Activation Connecting with Will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUI2jxLQCEU

Kundalini, the Goddess, Jesus & Sexual Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EeadrGCTyoc

LEVITATING WHILE MEDITATING! How To Levitate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F0nj5w91E90

Living with birds in my hut in the Indian desert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_p-9M8GVvi4

Living Without Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-KcIPLd5Bo

Love & a Call for Love (A Course in Miracles)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sloZM3EOzeM

Love & Fear on the Spiritual Path A Deeper Perspective
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wXsrnHPwJoc

Love is On the Other Side of Fear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2RjvaayUWiI

Love, Sex & Relationships A Woman's View
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P74esQyWnDw

Manifesting Reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hji3UPGOHc0

Men Who Are Vampires of Feminine Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrKFE9G4IXc

Monkeys up close & personal in Bali, Indonesia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36Eh8xpOBcU

Mountain biking in the woods in Jasper N.P., Canada
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kVhN4TPj4RI

My 15-Minute Beach Yoga Warm-Up Routine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ski6vAqnHjI

My Constructive Criticisms of Buddhism (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPPId5os9Ts

My Constructive Criticisms of Buddhism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucHQQ3kB3Cw

My Crazy Cool 1980s High School Scrapbook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hoLXd8aMHk

My Disagreement with the Buddha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kNZ6M8rK6Ak

My experience with a strange cult in Sedona, Arizona (Aquarian Concepts)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HqUDx7ts984

My Experience with Mooji in India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ts-iiIfXNCE

My Out of Body Experience Astral TravelProjection (OOBE)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-cRVQyJtTlM

My personal experiences with Solara, spiritual author
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXpZfGBPEgM

My Powerful Kundalini Awakening Experience Dealing with Kundalini
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_psIaEDGNzo

My Religion is Honesty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mItKxApeBA4

My Strange Quest for Enlightenment A Funny Journey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkLkyinPzTg

My Strange Supernatural Experiences in the Spirit World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-JS76VkM3Is

Mystical Yoga Images in a Strange Cave in India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0nYuo4RAEyw

Natural, Organic Gardening Tips, with Sterling Starseed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJmH-eowp6g

Nature & the spiritual path Love the Earth!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TbwMp4ofPFg

Negative Emotion vs. Love and Happiness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAqbtRjnzyo

New Age Channeling How to Channel an Alien Being
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WbFh8njMvE

New Age Ideas are Being Proven by Science
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJISsb7jKlc

New Age Lingo What Does Getting Triggered Mean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmViuaQgmDo

New Age Response to Mark Passio on New Age Bullshit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2s-c3n4cG30

No Way in Hell are Crop Circles a Hoax!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=abCH28uHvXU

No Way in Hell is the Shroud of Turin a Hoax!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_P1XSZYo4I

Obsessive Thoughts Hide Denied Emotions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GyNgGl_PhPA

One of the Biggest Spiritual Misconceptions (Attachment)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=It2xsehZRJU

Oneness vs. Duality, Creative vs. Reactive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KY_9BQM4SEc

Open Mic Music & Talent Show in Honolulu, Hawaii
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJCLZz-v4SU

Opening the Heart Chakra to Love and Compassion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6NhF2uqT38E

Part 2, How to Save Your Soul—Without Jesus!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5NQopxaQU8

Peace & Love from Kashmir, India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4qaG68JV5E

Plato's Allegory of the Cave A fascinating spiritual paradigm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kF71R36fOzY

Plato's Allegory of the Cave, Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIPxBCmhjDs

Positive Focus vs. Embracing the Shadow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRY9h8V9Mb0

Practical relationship advice It's not about being right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iiM4k3PzlRQ

Pranayama (Yogic Breathing), Meditation & Omming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGGXypqbN8s

Primal spirituality Claiming your personal power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_l9x_XArW0

Proof of Reincarnation Scientific Research of Past Lives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZKEP_hA_vU

Psychedelic graffiti in Oaxaca, Mexico
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_i0aAqnmdI0

Psychedelic Yoga at Incredible Mayan Pyramids
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVkOzo5KUiQ

Psychedelic Yoga at Machu Picchu, Peru
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrHPoNBdGn0

Psychedelic Yoga Bloopers & Outtakes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jl_rtoEdxcQ

Psychedelic Yoga in a Hotel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LiJGQyQZlE

Psychedelic Yoga in a Strange Cave in India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RulohMjzE4w

Psychedelic Yoga in Bali, Indonesia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hZ2ajixtqQM

Psychedelic Yoga in the Snow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QE7cH0CZrd8

Psychedelic Yoga in the Wilderness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuGRkzZQjSE

Psychedelic Yoga Music Videos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owEqF8GTRFI

Psychedelic Yoga on a Caribbean Island
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BLi8xySZzJk

Psychedelic Yoga on a Secret Beach in Hawaii
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkprhFnCxKE

Psychedelic Yoga on the Night Shift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tB8na3RPxwM

Psychedelic Yoga Photos in a Cave in India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1uqifiyLJeE

Radical Honesty in Romantic Relationships Men, women, love & communication
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GautudO9BHE

Rainbow Gathering 2014 in Utah!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmcukjmvT3g

Rainbow Gatherings An Experience of Peace & Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OelF3Ivk098

Rainbow Gatherings An Ideal Political Structure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggWhoEAY8L0

Real Evidence of Atlantis A Cosmic Catastrophe 12,000 Years Ago
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKZlWgZG6yw

Real love reflects other's self-love back to them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MogSQm4MWHE

Reply to Eckhart Tolle on Excessive Thinking (A Better Idea)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37mTtUR53bs

Reply to Leija Turunen ) Don't Take Shit Too Personally!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RaOZVaRiIOU

Reply to Polona Somrak in a beautiful fairy forest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8dsqaTVUjMM

Reply to Teal Swan on Healing the Past
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4Gu4u9KFFo

Reply to Teal Swan on Spiritual Bypassing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O0EEFjK5q8c

Reply to Teal Swan on Spirituality 2.0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HxsmeU8n5a8

Resolving Anxiety, Stress, Anger & Energy Blockages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fk_yHM7EIw

Response to Ma Nithya Sudevi Denying the Lower Self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ti6v8IWl5Y

Response to Ma Nithya Sudevi Starseeds and Lightworkers, Wake up!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIiW8RiKiTE

Response to Ma Nithya Sudevi, Part 2 Starseeds and Lightworkers, Wake up!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhoXMYIzgq4

Rishikesh, India Beautiful views of the Ganges River
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuWpVbgd8Sk

Rishikesh, India Yoga Capital of the World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MREJ4Jdr3vs

Romantic Relationships Finding Balance Between Men & Women
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsY0-A5gkfU

Saltwater flush intestinal cleanse Awesome digestive aid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-PvStMlxac

Self Love vs. Self Denial—Finding the Middle Way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAnECypFZHw

Self mastery vs. self control on the spiritual path
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dpAltDkM7g

Sexual comments on Facebook (Wise up guys!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ejVhGS6Izg

Should we care what others think of us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zdc68PdGX-I

Should we fear God, or is God only love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-pTQ8q7mFk0

Some of My Favorite Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bp-0kYIHKOQ

Soul Mates & Twin Flames Explained Men, Women, Love, Relationships
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJOsEj8Kj2o

Spiritual Crisis How to Handle Kundalini Energy & Kundalini Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DQXgKfIfapo

Spiritual Healing for Men Practicing Self-Awareness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEwQK1HtaCE

Spiritual hitchhiking, creating your reality & trusting the universe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEVSY3q0KRM

Spiritual questions and quandaries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dwi6WryU4k

Spiritual Shortcuts (Look Deeper Within)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HpbNZHYCPpA

Spiritual Shortcuts (Working With Energy)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0BepqnaMo0

Spiritual Things to Do While Driving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kPr4fAYmkM4

Spirituality 101 Explained
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TOx5pMT2YOA

Spirituality in the Real World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZfepLkh5lvw

Spontaneous jam session in a restaurant in India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CPCD7c19cc4

Staying Alive in Toronto, Canada Colorful Bloor Street
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XyCqEdH2K9U

Story of a Powerful Spiritual Teacher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yynza9lPldg

Suggestions for Insomnia Natural Remedies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALrmVJCGGNI

Sunset over the Ganges River, Rishikesh, India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6NGXOPL5xY

Take Charge of Your Enlightenment! Creating Your Reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-u1tEzefOSM

Teal Swan (Teal Scott) is Awesome! The Spiritual Catalyst
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Wveruynqi4

Teal Swan Blows Your Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFCqyOyaeUE

Teal Swan Describes the Spirit Realm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dsTaEvFdqA

Teal Swan Discusses Aliens in the 3rd Dimension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TGG8LCLEKTU

Teal Swan Discusses Anger & How to Deal With It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1yOH4BPi9pE

Teal Swan Discusses Crop Circles & E.T.'s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5lhl8_MLtEw

Teal Swan Discusses Earth's Second Sun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1eea1D-j82A

Teal Swan Discusses Future Events on Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5Z5BuXuyHo

Teal Swan Discusses Her Marriage & Relationship Lessons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tYEnIPexyXE

Teal Swan Discusses Jesus, Christianity & Islam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5U4Yirwwgs

Teal Swan Discusses the Sex Chakra & Sexual Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZZcEwKNBMw

Teal Swan Explains God & Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zs7a0QoNQWA

Teal Swan Explains How Spirits Come to Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wayYC2ytJY

Teal Swan Explains Spiritual Ascension & Enlightenment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2v6YhRRU7U

Teal Swan Explains the Higher Self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8k9SW3WjBdQ

Teal Swan Explains the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uRarqnhk74o

Teal Swan Interview God, Love, Aliens, Crop Circles, Ascension & More!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F06n2ZI9pz0

Teal Swan Interview Her Childhood, E.T.s, The Law of Attraction & More
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FuaNpSKN_2k

Teal Swan Is Life a Movie and We're All Actors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArWP3w2SQxE

Teal Swan on Her Childhood of Ritual Abuse & Torture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mumkO5lz9Sc

Teal Swan on her Experience Traveling to China
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4QVkKi9yg0

Teal Swan on Her Past Life as Sai Baba from India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZuMr2BrIuyM

Teal Swan on How to Be More Confident
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9RuTKYdAcA

Teal Swan on Kundalini, Christ's Return, Walk-Ins & More
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FYIhhVnPQ-o

Teal Swan on Love, Sex, Tantra, Men & Women
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-dAjRohStg

Teal Swan on Meditation, Eastern Philosophy, the Astral Plane, Dimensions & More
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MoKhbcTIes

Teal Swan on Multi-Dimensional Reality & E.T.s on Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohUXbF_NCxA

Teal Swan on President Obama & World War 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5oSLdjHtE8

Teal Swan on Self-Expression & Radical Honesty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTXMOuTBQZA

Teal Swan on Starseeds, E.T.'s, the Spirit Realm, Higher Self, Future Events on Earth & More
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ioK8wIbXc1o

Teal Swan on Starseeds, Pleiadians & How E.T.s Come to Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxMyAVn1Mic

Teal Swan on Syria, Obama, WW3 & the World Economy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FgS2Y0BIk4

Teal Swan Raw & Unedited Small Talk & Deep Thoughts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEDJ6ax9I1o

Teal Swan Sex Advice for Men & Women
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6e7-fpXhU8

Teal Swan Talks About Physical Beauty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nW63-x7t6VI

Teal Swan UPDATE on Earth's Future 2015 & Beyond
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puH8HZef6uY

Teal Swan's Out-of-Body Experiences (Astral Travel)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wao7LqgSDzI

Teal Swan, the reincarnation of Sai Baba from India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hd7A2z-L8g4

Thanks for everything Jasper! I'm fing outta here!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J6MqHxA4j4M

Thanks to 20,000 subscribers! And update from Nepal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2qpxmmZx58

The #1 Problem on Earth (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QF_7_b7ZXwE

The #1 Problem with Religion & Most Spiritual Paths
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3xI2gE8OhQ

The Anti-Spiritual Spiritual Approach
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOOMWq7NGbc

The Awkward Meditation Technique (A Lesson in Self-Love)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSqxTL44nH8

The Bear Who Wanted to Be a Bear (A Story of Remembrance)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJAmAk4PiYM

The beauty of nature & future travel plans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4HY96Up8nU

The benefits of yoga & pranayama for body, mind & soul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4oPuGgQwynk

The Best Band Nobody's Heard Of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NW3SlvRGvyQ

The Biggest Misconception About God
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M_cTcqMITHo

The Conspiracy Against Life-Force Energy (Kundalini)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ki8-VL6okr0

The Day I Visited the Tomb of Jesus in India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vr11-9slAYA

The Deeper Meaning of Namaste from India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSLzjM1jK6I

The Difference Between the Mind & Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2vonTWO2yg

The Emotional Revolution Spiritual Healing in the Modern World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4GOpXdJpEk

The End of the World As We Know It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijP76W-zLn8

The Fall of Atlantis 12,000 Years Ago Solid Evidence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8sZYnt6W-4

The Feng Shui of Life—Channeling Chi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cG_bRWAgsKs

The Folly of Contrarianism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkMGE4FKGDM

The Folly of Destroying Your Ego
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-fwC2UliU8

The Fukushima Nightmare & Nuclear Insanity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZOIgHbawdC0

The Greatest Service You Can Offer the World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlmKW_4hMEU

The head-patting exercise for stress relief
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrkX_AjREA0

The Hitchhiker's Guide to Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wu-85aUH8oQ

The Hitchhiker's Principle A Message of Hope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9cNmU1aZ9U

The Importance of Bodywork Massage, yoga, reiki, acupuncture, tai chi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cC17B0cYbOA

The Importance of Emotional Healing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hvHz86JiZ7U

The Importance of the Grand Spiritual Quest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K9aaJ9oD9fQ

The Importance of Throwing Out Your Holy Books
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q00bZ9l0O6s

The Introduction to My Interview With Teal Swan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Eyo7it_u-g

The Key to Discovering Spiritual Truth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zif0RbIaVY

The Key to Understanding Reality & Personal Power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yLhfS6pTnp0

The Law of Attraction is Like a River
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVeJkDK_nj8

The Meaning of Life Have fun & learn something!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJrc8eeGID4

The miracle of aloe vera for skin & hair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=McNgwac8TGU

The Misunderstanding of Spiritual Enlightenment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9SnjHFkYyo

The Most Hilarious Thing That Ever Happened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrOkIpgyd1I

The Most Important Spiritual Principle The Power of Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7YQge0EhMo

The Most Important Thing in Life & the Spiritual Path
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcT5_7ZChYA

The myth of spiritual detachment from thoughts and emotions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c80A5iQ5_R0

The Online Spiritual Revolution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BuGe9obwpIo

The perfect imperfection of life, the universe & everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llOGZTsygPs

The Power & Folly of Radical Honesty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MzYiI71KtfE

The Power and Limitations of Positive Thinking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6h1jgNkm-Qk

The Power of Consciousness is Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RrREfpDLf0c

The Power of Emotions on the Spiritual Path
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uaNUKfYzX58

The Power of Kundalini Awakening A Cautionary Tale
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6o9sUrUm4z0

The power of omming during meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=39-deW22mLU

The Power of Pranayama (Life-Force Energy)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBbivGjT8OA

The Precession of the Equinoxes Explained The 26,000-Year Great Year Cycle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BZfJrECQck

The Problem With Forgiveness (A Course in Miracles)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzcHs4mrtPU

The Problem with Most Human Souls (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IyOPA38ts9A

The Problem with Most Human Souls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcu2RqI5ot8

The Problem with Science A Spiritual Perspective
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSb5lTeqTXs

The Problem with Spiritual Teachers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V27gv-6wS28

The Quickest Path to Enlightenment A Powerful Lesson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WIoVDwumErQ

The Real Power of Consciousness The Core Self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xGxsnTpwvak

The REAL Secret of the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JSjnmSkqukU

The Root Cause of Suffering & Unhappiness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mte-o4cox-0

The Secret Key to Spiritual Healing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBcSS5Kh0KA

The Spiritual Benefits of Fasting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ka0tzE0xda0

The Spiritual Path is Not an Intellectual Exercise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wsnlo8r2fgQ

The Story of My 8-Hour Meditation Experience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PG3rappdz5c

The Story of My First Vision Quest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwI5BM8Lldk

The Truth is in Your Heart!  )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ce8w7lAv60Q

The Ultimate Goal of the Spiritual Quest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Orvx0BxSTE

The Ultimate Key to Enlightenment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-pX_bzcABvU

The Vision Quest & Fasting to Alter Your Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHAzn_rOwo0

The wisdom of non-judgment on the spiritual path
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyc9pp5ybTs

The World is More Beautiful Than You Realize
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7a0DF3PL3k8

The Yoga Travelers Spiritual Adventures Around the World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6ZQ9LyJ-tg

There is No Enlightenment Without Emotion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FjW_0ouLmhI

There is NO Grand Scientific Conspiracy Hiding the Truth from You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YuhrsioT4M0

There is No Love Without the Feminine (Goddess)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdSgzlIckoo

Things are about to get awesome! (Despite the typhoon)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5LyXAjotyc

This Song Will Touch You Deep Within
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CKhtSECqXp0

Time Does Not Heal Wounds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUQhkqFg9hg

Tips for Challenging Kundalini Symptoms & Spiritual Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7t8nQL2hu6s

Tips for Greater Self-Love & Inner Strength
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gm6xRcZsQjE

To Change the World, Be Your Authentic Self!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7GnC3hHiuPI

To Hili Bug ) Beautiful Kate Wolf song, Highway in the Wind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JH4KMPeDqvI

Tour of a beautiful ashram in Bali (Ashram Munivara)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l05xq_uSqsY

Tour of a beautiful fairy garden & labyrinth in Sedona, Arizona
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygjF51_91ys

Tour of a Hindu temple and a blessing in India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XeZu5EwyBCU

Tour of an amazing Hindu temple in the Indian desert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7K_h3tynj9Y

Tour of Orr Nude Hot Springs Resort, Northern California
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3cPt7ss_Ig

Traditional Mexican spiritual ceremony on the Yucatan peninsula
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HfVtdQnVcss

Traveling as a Spiritual Practice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZNiRuug5uE

Trusting the Universe vs. Making Shit Happen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9HKPvbObp84

Trusting the Universe When Things Go Wrong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0B6EtRjlCw

Truth Seekers Don't Be Fooled By the Wrong Conspiracies!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nI378R-yC4Q

ULTRA SPIRITUAL STRIKES BACK!! A Reply to JP Sears
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxbLqDT_E6E

Understanding Different Levels of Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tLauQCTIF8

Understanding Karma & the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sKMp1Iupq40

Understanding the Divide Between Men & Women
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Azd1i6VqEzY

Understanding the Power of Feminine Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6r1k4LhZ_8

Understanding Women, Sex & Relationships
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U3N9YU6bl-w

Walking in a winter wonderland in Canada
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HU3akj1KMc

Watch Out For Stevia! My Really Bad Stevia Experiences
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EokbuqnE0cY

We are islands in the ocean of God Exploring the nature of consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFTAwEUPxBA

We Can't Forsake Earth on the Spiritual Path!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1qPFtNolAs

We Don't Need a Messiah to Save the World (A.J. Miller)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2qZJ8XW44M

We're All Searching for Ecstasy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PlCQEstQGfk

Weird Shit Teal Swan Says [Funny]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQUt7uobPHE

Welcome to winter in the Canadian Rockies!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLvCSzdBKwA

Were Humans Vegan or Vegetarian in the Ancient Past
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxNRM0W6d68

What are Altered States of Consciousness & How to Achieve Them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4jr0ruYpIc

What are Rainbow Gatherings A Human Experiment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7quXKTq1zoI

What are Soulmates vs. Twin Flames
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDf6vngsBgc

What are Starseeds Messengers from Afar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2_Fdm6r14c

What are the Benefits of Yoga Yoga Demonstration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1j-JEo3In1c

What Do Women Really Want from Men
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WB_9C1hfqtw

What Happens at a Rainbow Gathering Experimental Village
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdK0oTRFtSs

What if When We Die, That's the End
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGY7cDgSmW4

What is a Buddhist stupa Symbol of enlightenment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oi8a_pl-fIU

What is a sweat lodge And how to build one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MMsWFc_ILVQ

What is a Vision Quest Native American Spiritual Tradition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFVKPb1CacY

What is Christ Consciousness Unconditional Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40QvrmyvAsU

What is Deja Vu Visions of the Future
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50m_92ycGG4

What is Emotional Intelligence The Power of Emotion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lj1KsfF-Cfs

What is Enlightenment A Spiritual Illusion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkPxzolRRbw

What is Free Will A Unique Perspective
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iA4uxZNppPw

What is Full Kundalini Awakening vs. Partial Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0is0n1lBDOQ

What is guilt really How guilt constricts our reality & vibration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWRvGtD6R0E

What is Karma The Law of Attraction and Vibration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtKbgtJ4uUM

What is Mindfulness Being in the Present Moment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3vi-RwpMtE

What is my diet Tour of my fridge & where I'm living
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vay0Xte0vg

What is Non-Resistance Reply to Teal Swan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUcRpVCJLzw

What is Shadow Work The Path to Inner Power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkFjhz7C414

What is Shadow Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LxYHbV-mfwQ

What is Shamanism Bridging Worlds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DWEPPEEeByU

What is Shamanism Exploring the Spirit Realm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkm3sq5sERo

What is Spiritual Ascension A New Age Fairy Tale
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egn6bT6RRLs

What is Synchronicity The Universe Conspiring Cooperatively to Create Your Reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEiCUzvil2w

What is the #1 Problem on Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hXuPtOt4ZyQ

What is the Buddhist Middle Way BuddhismGautama BuddhaSiddhartha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aX7QU1j1tts

What is the Goddess & the Divine Feminine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vKM9owgl_M

What is the Holographic Universe A Spiritual Mystery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvUGXM7tqmw

What is the Law of Attraction An Explanation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rhwi8rVpp38

What is the Real Meaning of Life A Spiritual Journey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CFjoCkx18aQ

What is the spiritual quest, in a nutshell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwRctMLwiLM

What is Your Spiritual Quest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-10MfXk5SU

What Makes a Good Spiritual Teacher or Guru
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y33RvBMKWD0

What the Heck is Spiritual Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F7oEn_fyo-0

What the Hell is the Point of the Spiritual Path
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KqAg3NVmt2M

What's a Cult vs. a Spiritual Community
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBII3sY5L9A

What's the Deal With Narcissism A Spiritual Perspective
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJIk0FTRs9M

When in Doubt, Breathe! Conscious Breathing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kpSHaher1sE

Where Do My Spiritual Insights Come From
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_bGMSXrh_4

Who are the Pleiadians 5th Dimensional Beings from the Pleiades Star System
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZvzMRiOwOM

Who is Dan Millman Spiritual Visionary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNgM_68Dg8I

Who or What is God God & Oneness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUFHXW5AkMg

Who or What is Lucifer Light Bearer, Bringer of Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWEybDn3iIU

Who was Carlos Castaneda Author of The Teachings of Don Juan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrFekt8_86c

Why do many Lightworkers feel so exhausted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a69E9M5Mq0I

Why I Disagree with Ma Nithya Sudevi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-g6knnB3wQ

Why is Kundalini Awakening Often Traumatic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mlbl4OCu5lE

Why is the World So Fucked Up A Spiritual Explanation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uBzHrOM58LA

Why Mark Passio is Both Right & Wrong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SaQ6OQAn248

Why Modern Science is Doomed to Failure A Spiritual Analysis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVO9wF1kfTk

Why should men feel emotions Finding balance between masculine and feminine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VL4tq4lG0fo

Why Travel to India Land of Incredible Experiences
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1u6Povw5zo

Why You Should Find Truth Within
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9RXpFTussg

Will There Be Depopulation on Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zIQCSs5hktI

Women are calling for men to be more present
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GrFRkNhN0OY

Women Are Closer to God (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZuonGibQ9c

Women Are Closer to God Understanding Feminine Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6K_yH0a3l8Y

Would the world be better if Jesus never came to Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNzRZpKiQ6w

Yoga in Strange Places Around the World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eq0_hRb9EGM

Yoga in the Incredible Himalayas of Nepal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-_SV6oNsuk

Yoga in the snow Elevated lotus pose, spinal flex & spinal twist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95wnkWcw4SY

Yoga is Fucking Awesome! The Power of Yoga
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31EZQA-F_VQ

Yoga lesson in a beautiful meadow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S4E7y7fLDqg

Yoga lesson in Hawaii Pranayama (Yogic Breathing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HucEkdsEkMQ

Yoga lesson on a beach in Hawaii
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXdLM_Agdjw

Yoga postures in a strange cave in India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzP0OzhcnUw

Your True Nature is Ecstasy Finding Eternal Bliss Within
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kEg2gFpPy0o
Inner Quest - Videos