
Swift 3 YouTube - Migrating to Xcode 8 and Swift 3.0 (Ep 20).url
https://youtu.be/29DWwkQ7MJ4&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JGKdVUtA5xds1zcyzsz7HLj

Swift Lets Build YouTube - Home Feed UICollectionView, AutoLayout (Ep 1).url
https://youtu.be/3Xv1mJvwXok&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JGKdVUtA5xds1zcyzsz7HLj

Swift YouTube -  How to Load Images Async in UICollectionView (Ep 6).url
https://youtu.be/XFvs6eraBXM&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JGKdVUtA5xds1zcyzsz7HLj

Swift YouTube - Custom Navigation Bar and MVC Clean Up (Ep 2).url
https://youtu.be/APQVltARKF8&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JGKdVUtA5xds1zcyzsz7HLj

Swift Youtube - Custom Tab Bar  Menu Bar using UICollectionView (Ep 3).url
https://youtu.be/rRhJGnSmEKQ&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JGKdVUtA5xds1zcyzsz7HLj

Swift YouTube - How to Create a Slide-In Menu Part 1 (Ep 7).url
https://youtu.be/2kwCfFG5fDA&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JGKdVUtA5xds1zcyzsz7HLj

Swift YouTube - How to Create a Slide-In Menu Part 2 (Ep 8).url
https://youtu.be/PNmuTTd5zWc&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JGKdVUtA5xds1zcyzsz7HLj

Swift YouTube - How to Create a Slide-In Menu Part 3 - Lazy Var Explained (Ep 9).url
https://youtu.be/DYsfAD01fYk&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JGKdVUtA5xds1zcyzsz7HLj

Swift YouTube - How to Display Video Player Controls (Ep 17).url
https://youtu.be/u1DoR5-76Xc&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JGKdVUtA5xds1zcyzsz7HLj

Swift YouTube - How to Fetch Multiple Feeds (Ep 14).url
https://youtu.be/77nQN0JzBH4&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JGKdVUtA5xds1zcyzsz7HLj

Swift YouTube - How To Parse JSON With Few Lines (Ep 15).url
https://youtu.be/11aHute59QQ&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JGKdVUtA5xds1zcyzsz7HLj

Swift YouTube - How to Play Video with Animation using AVPlayer (Ep 16).url
https://youtu.be/NpG8iaM0Sfs&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JGKdVUtA5xds1zcyzsz7HLj

Swift YouTube - How to Render Vertical Video Cells in Horizontal Layout (Ep 13).url
https://youtu.be/elvK3TYnzIw&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JGKdVUtA5xds1zcyzsz7HLj

Swift YouTube - How to Seek and Scrub AVPlayer with UISlider (Ep 18).url
https://youtu.be/HX1aYzaHex8&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JGKdVUtA5xds1zcyzsz7HLj

Swift YouTube - How to Swipe between sections horizontally (Ep 12).url
https://youtu.be/ZxIAT7f-yh8&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JGKdVUtA5xds1zcyzsz7HLj

Swift YouTube - How to Track Progress of AVPlayer and Bonus Gradients (Ep 19).url
https://youtu.be/HwI9YF6i3DM&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JGKdVUtA5xds1zcyzsz7HLj

Swift YouTube - How to Use Enumerations to Prevent Bugs (Ep 10).url
https://youtu.be/naMqoh1_5To&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JGKdVUtA5xds1zcyzsz7HLj

Swift YouTube - MVC Explained Model View Controller (Ep 4).url
https://youtu.be/Zud56x_VYvs&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JGKdVUtA5xds1zcyzsz7HLj

Swift YouTube - REST JSON Integration via NSURLSession (Ep 5).url
https://youtu.be/WjrvcGAZfoI&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JGKdVUtA5xds1zcyzsz7HLj

Swift YouTube - Swipe Away Navigation Bar, Menu Bar Slider Animation (Ep 11).url
https://youtu.be/XgRbj4YeG9I&list=PL0dzCUj1L5JGKdVUtA5xds1zcyzsz7HLj
Lets Build YouTube