
3D Game Maker Tutorial #1 - Basics
https://youtu.be/kcRKqNugO-8

3D Game Maker Tutorial #10 - split screen tank game
https://youtu.be/jK21hdL7nuA

3D Game Maker Tutorial #11 - 3D Mouse Checking
https://youtu.be/cIEjakUOpvQ

3D Game Maker Tutorial #12 - Easiest 3D Ever!
https://youtu.be/eE6hHQu2UYE

3D Game Maker Tutorial #13 - 3D Animation
https://youtu.be/r33_0GoDpYA

3D Game Maker Tutorial #14 - Runescape Movement
https://youtu.be/Q9TMzRkfnOw

3D Game Maker Tutorial #15 - 3D GM Physics #1
https://youtu.be/Smkf8zy92R8

3D Game Maker Tutorial #16 - 3D GM Physics #2
https://youtu.be/KtPN9vILoZs

3D Game Maker Tutorial #2 - Adding Objects
https://youtu.be/EZv8XxA6x50

3D Game Maker Tutorial #3 - Adding Shapes
https://youtu.be/9led-GHhck0

3D Game Maker Tutorial #4 - Third Person View
https://youtu.be/H7GBGec_2qM

3D Game Maker Tutorial #5 - Loading External Models
https://youtu.be/DdK3P85XgoM

3D Game Maker Tutorial #6 - Terrain
https://youtu.be/Z5SwMQN0sxw

3D Game Maker Tutorial #7 - Jumping
https://youtu.be/S_9emzFs1ao

3D Game Maker Tutorial #8 - Loading External Models the Fast Way
https://youtu.be/Nw7JMI1iDjk

3D Game Maker Tutorial #9 - third person view with Mouse
https://youtu.be/rO5-kwlQ4YY

Game Maker Tutorial #1 - Transparency
https://youtu.be/8Th0hZ3L-JU

Game Maker Tutorial #2 - Multiple views, Multiple Health Bars
https://youtu.be/oqkrPL3nyLQ

Game Maker Tutorial #3 - Transparent Spotlight
https://youtu.be/zzloiTZrGpg

Game Maker Tutorial #4 - Guided Missile
https://youtu.be/06j0S_hjJtA

Game Maker Tutorial #5 - Loading and Playing Videos
https://youtu.be/VUyNVXaOHnU

Game Maker Tutorial #6 - GM Physics
https://youtu.be/Vc2EaneSNE0

Game Maker Tutorial #7 - Amazing Effects
https://youtu.be/HZDueefZAcg
Videos 51-73