
Deploy a MATLAB Function as a Standalone Executable on Raspberry Pi Hardware from MATLAB Online
https://youtu.be/khC5DbsPA5c&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Deploying MathWorks Software
https://youtu.be/vTXWE61Guq4&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Design an HDL-Optimized MVDR Beamformer with the Linear Algebra Library in Simulink
https://youtu.be/IB945u2Dc5w&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Discovering Editor Features The Aha! Moment
https://youtu.be/2h_btOZbWZo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Easily Check Data Types in MATLAB Functions and Objects
https://youtu.be/z5KA5VjEkKM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Half-Precision Math in Modeling and Code Generation
https://youtu.be/05pAQjTH6iM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Hand Gesture Recognition Using Machine Learning on Arduino Hardware
https://youtu.be/e4qveZfQPv8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

How to Debug a Property Proving Counterexample
https://youtu.be/B5zTtHcVoxc&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Managing Requirements Based Testing Process with Testing Dashboard
https://youtu.be/vzoda1JYmSo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Modeling Fuel Cells in Simscape
https://youtu.be/9LgxHuDrk-8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Modeling Impulsive Events in Simscape
https://youtu.be/RT-WIi0j8NA&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Multi-Tool Integration Virtual Vehicle Simulation Example
https://youtu.be/MguW5aj4SZc&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Multicore Motor Control Using SoC Blockset
https://youtu.be/uOVSq4HpPm0&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Predictive Maintenance of a Duct Fan Using ThingSpeak and MATLAB
https://youtu.be/QrIQbrUmTfc&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

RAW Camera Image Processing Pipelines in MATLAB
https://youtu.be/FEVl_-D2XKU&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Requirements Traceability for Systematic Development
https://youtu.be/peZFal_nZms&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Satellite Communications Link Analysis and Visualization
https://youtu.be/jHFOpIvyznQ&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Simulating Delivery Drones in Simscape
https://youtu.be/Mcqo2SFOsrg&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Simulink Your Way Advanced Customization
https://youtu.be/LVFTCs6bdpw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Stereo Visual SLAM for Automated Driving
https://youtu.be/Hdf50OGwgrg&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Teaching Vibrations and Control Labs Online Using Simscape and MATLAB Apps
https://youtu.be/8nZ9zB8rWC4&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Using DDS Middleware with Simulink
https://youtu.be/8iEa-gtTXuo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Using Mixed-Precision to Solve a Resource Crisis
https://youtu.be/6dJO8eoDdlk&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Vehicle Simulation in Simulink of Powertrain and Chassis
https://youtu.be/x345KYBr_os&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Visualize Your Code with Class Diagrams in MATLAB
https://youtu.be/LRJNIOdpuaA&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ
Videos 76-100