
Andrew Rodland - Fatpack it! Full featured Perl apps in a single file
https://youtu.be/Pe9pEbUsYSY&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Chad Granum - Better testing with Test2-Suite
https://youtu.be/b2xIfBdcqb0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Daina Pettit - Perl Optimization Tidbits
https://youtu.be/bSd8FwdIALY&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Daina Pettit - Perl Quiz III
https://youtu.be/bXxNp0WCfs8&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

David Farrell - Relaunching Perl.com the first 6 months
https://youtu.be/tdh0w69h5xI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

David Oswald - Abstraction, Encapsulation, Polymorphism, and Inheritance
https://youtu.be/rPRjsuNicyo&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Gabriel Muñoz - Ansible
https://youtu.be/NtUDt1qfgQ0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Kivanc Yazan - How to join CPAN Pull Request Challenge
https://youtu.be/_jvXg4urq1U&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

LIGHTNING TALK David Golden - Safer Chainsaw Juggling
https://youtu.be/qsg8XuOwXJE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

LIGHTNING TALK Henry Van Styn - dockup.sh – plackup via docker
https://youtu.be/dvPOyzR1F_w&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

LIGHTNING TALK Ingy döt Net - You + Idea + CafeScript + L’Ingy
https://youtu.be/RtN8CKozIf0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

LIGHTNING TALK Joelle Maslak - Open Up Your Open Source Modules
https://youtu.be/M3p5WOXjJU4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

LIGHTNING TALK Karl Williamson - Hanlon’s Razor for moderating p5p
https://youtu.be/M6D9tx30yEw&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

LIGHTNING TALK Kirsten Taing - Learning Chinese (and making an app to go with it)
https://youtu.be/6xtblR5hRug&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

LIGHTNING TALK Paul Tomlinson - When you Really Need to Write Your Own Database
https://youtu.be/thzBdG6GscQ&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

LIGHTNING TALK Randal Schwartz - Building performant and beautiful mobile apps with Flutter
https://youtu.be/fxFhBw6pbH8&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

LIGHTNING TALK Travis Gibson - Nativecall Binding to Libui
https://youtu.be/jE1AvzMyvag&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

LIGHTNING TALK Will Braswell - MongoDB and Compiled Perl
https://youtu.be/3z0Z2rOHPT4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Nate Handy - Perl and MongoDB A Recipe for Success
https://youtu.be/hNJ2KUdK7dI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Scott Lee - Writing Testable Code
https://youtu.be/b2jdc9q66-o&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Stevan Little - Gazing into the Camel's navel
https://youtu.be/ugEry1UWg84&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Steven Lembark - Having a Meta-Adventure Metadata-driven testing of Advent 
https://youtu.be/znks21RqR_Y&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Vadim Belman - Foswiki, And How To Redesign 20 Years Old Code
https://youtu.be/ozU2NqkiMWo&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Will Braswell - Auto-Parallel Programming On The Cloud
https://youtu.be/aHRiLV8cLUk&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Will Coleda - TPF Grant Programs
https://youtu.be/pfTKLCTWhSg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO
Videos 26-50