
1080p  A Quick Tour of RStudio 1.4  RStudio
https://youtu.be/oCR_LB3H73M&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTmF5tE5k0M3Bk7xbe_nFLj

Andy Nicholls & Michael Rimler  Using R to Drive Agility in Clinical Reporting  RStudio (2020)
https://youtu.be/BNRMYRkwKDo&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTmF5tE5k0M3Bk7xbe_nFLj

Carson Sievert  Custom theming in Shiny & R Markdown with bslib & thematic  RStudio
https://youtu.be/zAqoLCQ83Ns&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTmF5tE5k0M3Bk7xbe_nFLj

Damian Rodziewicz  Scaling Shiny to Thousands of Users  RStudio
https://youtu.be/wQi1A2eJ3i8&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTmF5tE5k0M3Bk7xbe_nFLj

Danielle Oberdier  How Content Makes the Data Go 'Round  RStudio
https://youtu.be/psYq87xx9Js&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTmF5tE5k0M3Bk7xbe_nFLj

Dean Marchiori  A retrospective on a year of commercial data science projects in R  RStudio
https://youtu.be/4T8gz9AmNOA&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTmF5tE5k0M3Bk7xbe_nFLj

Enabling Remote Data Science Teams  RStudio (2020)
https://youtu.be/1RMf-C6GR7I&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTmF5tE5k0M3Bk7xbe_nFLj

Eric Cronstrom  How we made the switch a case study on automating a complex report  RStudio
https://youtu.be/ks36zvNlk_k&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTmF5tE5k0M3Bk7xbe_nFLj

Garrett Grolemund  Reproducibility in Production  RStudio (2019)
https://youtu.be/n04FjueWmj0&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTmF5tE5k0M3Bk7xbe_nFLj

James Blair  Getting Started with {plumbertableau}  RStudio
https://youtu.be/7IZDfl-h1rI&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTmF5tE5k0M3Bk7xbe_nFLj

James Blaire & Barret Schloerke  Integrating R with Plumber APIs  RStudio (2020)
https://youtu.be/J0Th2QRZ7Rk&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTmF5tE5k0M3Bk7xbe_nFLj

Katherine Kopp  COVID vaccine distribution Shiny app walkthrough (mock data)  RStudio
https://youtu.be/T2DzDs0ksZY&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTmF5tE5k0M3Bk7xbe_nFLj

Kelly O'Briant  Interactivity in Production  RStudio (2019)
https://youtu.be/dQAyASaH-Jo&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTmF5tE5k0M3Bk7xbe_nFLj

Kevin Bolger & Oisin Bates  Architecting RStudio Products in the Cloud  RStudio (2020)
https://youtu.be/8b_ikPWqyPM&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTmF5tE5k0M3Bk7xbe_nFLj

Lou Bajuk & Kevin Bolger  Why Data Science in the Cloud  RStudio (2020)
https://youtu.be/rtGrMPwvWf0&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTmF5tE5k0M3Bk7xbe_nFLj

Managing COVID vaccine distribution in West Virginia  RStudio
https://youtu.be/CYilc-rEgjg&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTmF5tE5k0M3Bk7xbe_nFLj

Marcus Adams  Putting a GMP Shiny App into Production  RStudio
https://youtu.be/yBDH2Xpycx4&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTmF5tE5k0M3Bk7xbe_nFLj

Pedro Silva  Styling Shiny with CSS & SASS and Speeding Up Shiny Apps  RStudio
https://youtu.be/a4ff4DHNpAQ&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTmF5tE5k0M3Bk7xbe_nFLj

Rika Gorn  From Zero to Hero Best practices for setting up Rstudio Team in the Cloud  RStudio
https://youtu.be/b6dpDQ7uQjE&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTmF5tE5k0M3Bk7xbe_nFLj

Sean Lopp & Rich Iannone  Avoid Dashboard Fatigue  RStudio (2020)
https://youtu.be/q1C3QxHHC-Y&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTmF5tE5k0M3Bk7xbe_nFLj

Tom Mock  RStudio Connect in Production  RStudio (2019)
https://youtu.be/6TeySatiFx8&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTmF5tE5k0M3Bk7xbe_nFLj

Wolfram King  Lifelong Learning with R Weekly  RStudio
https://youtu.be/Y_32M4AeKoo&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTmF5tE5k0M3Bk7xbe_nFLj
Organizational Tooling