
Advanced Caching with User Permissions  Preview
https://youtu.be/752JhNTNBR0

Advanced Mailboxer Multiple Users  Preview
https://youtu.be/xRtXcNPl5_8

Advanced Messaging with Mailboxer  Mark as Read  Preview
https://youtu.be/3HIEgSkycqA

Advanced Messaging with Mailboxer Attachments  Preview
https://youtu.be/01u9Cv0Utb8

Custom will_paginate Methods  Preview
https://youtu.be/f_eHUk38dvc

Deploying Sidekiq to Heroku Production  Preview
https://youtu.be/_pJdUqfczbo

Deploying to Heroku Production with Puma  Preview
https://youtu.be/9FJCojR-3mM

Downloading CSVs with ActiveAdmin
https://youtu.be/Or0uyHNZqdw

GoRails Performance Tips
https://youtu.be/a3YKVmmWU6Y

How to Deploy ActionCable and Rails 5 to Production
https://youtu.be/sNTDGJpjtqU

How To Upgrade To Turbolinks 5
https://youtu.be/l7wB47y0Ees

In-App Messaging Between Users with Mailboxer
https://youtu.be/7byLwuizeDE

Inviting Users with devise_invitable  Preview
https://youtu.be/tlXHiLY0Mi8

Memoization
https://youtu.be/A_w608TqdBA

Message Templates with Rails
https://youtu.be/I8raKoZMGV8

Metaprogramming Virtual Attributes  Preview
https://youtu.be/hxaIfq8e1XI

Mitigating Spammers with Recaptcha  Preview
https://youtu.be/3gsdThJNaLg

Performance with Database Indexes
https://youtu.be/F5AOseNUAk0

Repost  Retweet  Reblog with Rails  Preview
https://youtu.be/uFRt3N-skPg

Russian Doll Caching with Rails 5  Preview
https://youtu.be/lguzIGJ2_xA

Sentiment Analysis with the Sentimental Gem
https://youtu.be/JY6X4j68Voc

ShareMeow - A Ruby microservice to generate social media shareable images for quotes
https://youtu.be/lcMuFj3EGb4

Sharing Data With Javascript
https://youtu.be/rIH2D59LWDE

Turbolinks 5 Forms for Mobile  Preview
https://youtu.be/etF7NRCcCyc

Upgrading A Gem to Rails 5  Preview
https://youtu.be/f_ba-YSbA9w
Videos 376-400