
Apache Kafka and KSQL in Action  Letâ€™s Build a Streaming Data Pipeline! by Robin Moffatt
https://youtu.be/Z8_O0wEIafw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Assert Yourself How to leverage security tools to increase quality of testing by Peter Hauschulz
https://youtu.be/RcROmJ0KyCU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Bootiful Testing by Josh Long
https://youtu.be/N24JZi-xFx0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Canary Deploys with Kubernetes and Istio by Jason Yee
https://youtu.be/VU2ILSrpy_Y&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Do we know our data, as good as we know our tools by Mani Sarkar & Jeremie Charlet
https://youtu.be/rR6v5lw80nA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Fantastic Performance and where to find it by Richard Warburton
https://youtu.be/JfpusAlLytg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

GraalVM Enterprise For Anybody Running Programs on a Computer by Eric Sedlar
https://youtu.be/7eVwlnF85ZI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Hack your Standups by Nathan Murados
https://youtu.be/SbmKTygwtKA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

How can Serverless improve your Horticulture by Joao Veiga
https://youtu.be/7qHgE9YFfzg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

How to Avoid Incomplete Digital Transformation by Vijayaraghavan parthasarathy
https://youtu.be/7HpoQBUPAJs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

I have deployed my app on Minikube... and now what by Horacio Gonzalez
https://youtu.be/2ffoprAZVsA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

if ( !useJVM() ) { thenWhat(); } by Russel Winder
https://youtu.be/f3tl9awko5w&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Impromptu Orchestra HTTP2 and Reactive Streams by Berwout de Vries Robles
https://youtu.be/ZI3tvYrCiB4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

JDK 12 Pitfalls For The Unwary by Simon Ritter
https://youtu.be/qlBmXaUM1xY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Me, My Code and I by Rosanne Joosten
https://youtu.be/otft_yllJ7M&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Migrating your Spring Boot application to Java Modules by Jaap Coomans
https://youtu.be/hxsCYxZ1gXU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Scaling and Rearchitecting Confluence Cloud - A sneak peek under the hood by Bhakti Mehta
https://youtu.be/GCl9OOi9Ux0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Stopping entropy with ArchUnit by Alexander Schwartz
https://youtu.be/AOKqpnCDtWU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Testing Java Microservices From Development to Production by Abraham Marin-Perez  & Daniel Bryant
https://youtu.be/V80MztOCCjo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

The 10 Common Concurrency Models by Jack Shirazi
https://youtu.be/PNx9WqQ9QeA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

The 7 deadly sins of concurrent programming by Sarah Zebian & Taoufik Benayad
https://youtu.be/-E4q1CZg-Jw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

The Web, its frameworks and its standards deconstructing them for a more resilient code base
https://youtu.be/ipej_DrIca4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

There is no shortcut to Serverless! (From your legacy system) by Ebru Cucen
https://youtu.be/GAa2U-8pLIU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Thinking twice about migrating to Serverless by Edwin Derks
https://youtu.be/Dr21fje9Dks&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

WireMock stand-alone by Ixchel Ruiz
https://youtu.be/KhYrI2m_MQo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU
Videos 51-75