
Initialization - Initializing Your Expert.url
https://youtu.be/ADS_KIdfbvk&list=PLepWyYEuKv9ubIDc6GMK1BV2Y5pc0K_JF

Initialization - It Takes Two.url
https://youtu.be/l_mHqTgYbVE&list=PLepWyYEuKv9ubIDc6GMK1BV2Y5pc0K_JF

Initialization - Train Your Expert.url
https://youtu.be/RidB9HszJVU&list=PLepWyYEuKv9ubIDc6GMK1BV2Y5pc0K_JF

Initialization - Using Instructions of Different Types.url
https://youtu.be/F7ALNIUQQ9Q&list=PLepWyYEuKv9ubIDc6GMK1BV2Y5pc0K_JF

Parameters - Crank Up and Down.url
https://youtu.be/Ltq0u7o4cX8&list=PLepWyYEuKv9ubIDc6GMK1BV2Y5pc0K_JF

Parameters - Generalizing a Function.url
https://youtu.be/wxz6yrFJHLs&list=PLepWyYEuKv9ubIDc6GMK1BV2Y5pc0K_JF

Parameters - Moving Further Forward.url
https://youtu.be/K8oHjjUQatU&list=PLepWyYEuKv9ubIDc6GMK1BV2Y5pc0K_JF

Parameters - Placing at a Specific Location.url
https://youtu.be/yAICscsS744&list=PLepWyYEuKv9ubIDc6GMK1BV2Y5pc0K_JF

Parameters - Placing Two Characters.url
https://youtu.be/F1PiqNjgVYQ&list=PLepWyYEuKv9ubIDc6GMK1BV2Y5pc0K_JF

Parameters - Rivers to Cross.url
https://youtu.be/1rB-DUmIc1Q&list=PLepWyYEuKv9ubIDc6GMK1BV2Y5pc0K_JF

Parameters - Twin Peaks.url
https://youtu.be/wPEA_4__cYw&list=PLepWyYEuKv9ubIDc6GMK1BV2Y5pc0K_JF

Parameters - Two Experts.url
https://youtu.be/sIAnJ_Ot7R4&list=PLepWyYEuKv9ubIDc6GMK1BV2Y5pc0K_JF

Types - Corners of the World.url
https://youtu.be/vNNirPow83M&list=PLepWyYEuKv9ubIDc6GMK1BV2Y5pc0K_JF

Types - Deactivating a Portal.url
https://youtu.be/pzH7k0O8t1M&list=PLepWyYEuKv9ubIDc6GMK1BV2Y5pc0K_JF

Types - Portal On and Off.url
https://youtu.be/CQUSpt2E8o0&list=PLepWyYEuKv9ubIDc6GMK1BV2Y5pc0K_JF

Types - Random Gems Everywhere.url
https://youtu.be/kt9wsj31Dl4&list=PLepWyYEuKv9ubIDc6GMK1BV2Y5pc0K_JF

Types - Setting the Right Portal.url
https://youtu.be/CrFbK0f5WKg&list=PLepWyYEuKv9ubIDc6GMK1BV2Y5pc0K_JF

Variables - Bump Up the Value.url
https://youtu.be/c6L0LZY_g1s&list=PLepWyYEuKv9ubIDc6GMK1BV2Y5pc0K_JF

Variables - Checking for Equal Values.url
https://youtu.be/ozObcev76vw&list=PLepWyYEuKv9ubIDc6GMK1BV2Y5pc0K_JF

Variables - Collect the Total.url
https://youtu.be/LcGJE0uXCLA&list=PLepWyYEuKv9ubIDc6GMK1BV2Y5pc0K_JF

Variables - Incrementing the Value.url
https://youtu.be/8DMZS_3NnQQ&list=PLepWyYEuKv9ubIDc6GMK1BV2Y5pc0K_JF

Variables - Keeping Track.url
https://youtu.be/PVdgC0e5kr4&list=PLepWyYEuKv9ubIDc6GMK1BV2Y5pc0K_JF

Variables - Round Up the Switches.url
https://youtu.be/fbfOkhRYheE&list=PLepWyYEuKv9ubIDc6GMK1BV2Y5pc0K_JF

Variables - Seeking Seven Gems.url
https://youtu.be/-tw2ivupm94&list=PLepWyYEuKv9ubIDc6GMK1BV2Y5pc0K_JF

Variables - Three Gems, Four Switches.url
https://youtu.be/sI13CEidm2k&list=PLepWyYEuKv9ubIDc6GMK1BV2Y5pc0K_JF
Videos 1-25