
A Crazy Python Dictionary Expression !
https://youtu.be/7TL1x3PO8iQ&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

A Python Shorthand for Swapping Two Variables
https://youtu.be/xpxhS7b60M0&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

A Shorthand for Merging Dictionaries in Python 3.5+
https://youtu.be/Duexw08KaC8&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Click & Jump to Test Failures from the Command Line (iTerm2)
https://youtu.be/Gw43Q0WZptI&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Cool New Features in Python 3.6
https://youtu.be/klKdMxjDaa0&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Emulating switchcase Statements in Python with Dictionaries
https://youtu.be/gllUwQnYVww&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

For Each Loops in Python with enumerate() and range()
https://youtu.be/URxQGA9f_AA&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Forward References and Python 3 Type Hints
https://youtu.be/AJsrxBkV3kc&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Function Argument Unpacking in Python
https://youtu.be/bj717GHdzjo&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Functional Programming in Python Immutable Data Structures
https://youtu.be/xJCPpDlk9_w&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

How to find great Python packages on PyPI, the Python Package Repository
https://youtu.be/4MLp_iXDpX0&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Immutable vs Mutable Objects in Python
https://youtu.be/p9ppfvHv2Us&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Inspecting Python Modules and Classes With dir() And help()
https://youtu.be/ldzac4Qu-f4&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Installing Python Packages with pip and virtualenv  venv
https://youtu.be/UqkT2Ml9beg&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

is vs == in Python ‚Äì What's the Difference (And When to Use Each)
https://youtu.be/CZ8bZPqtwU0&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Job Security as a Python Developer What If Python Goes Away üòüüêç
https://youtu.be/HL_HOeN_oHo&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Leveraging Python's Implicit return None Statements
https://youtu.be/IobOuSyfExc&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Make your Python Code More Readable with Custom Exceptions
https://youtu.be/hLLaw9BI-EE&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Managing Python Dependencies With Pip and Virtual Environments ‚Äì Lesson #1
https://youtu.be/8TiCmhwi8dY&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Method Types in Python OOP @classmethod, @staticmethod, and Instance Methods
https://youtu.be/PNpt7cFjGsM&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

My Experience at PyCon 2017 in Portland
https://youtu.be/LjfW0MWm-Z4&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

My Experience at PyCon Germany 2016 ‚Äì Day 1
https://youtu.be/mXr4x6Gk7KY&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

My Python Code Looks Ugly and Confusing ‚Äì Help!
https://youtu.be/TDUf93vqq3g&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Optional Arguments in Python With args and kwargs
https://youtu.be/WcTXxX3vYgY&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

pep8.org ‚Äî The Prettiest Way to View the PEP 8 Python Style Guide
https://youtu.be/Hwckt4J96dI&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Pylint Tutorial ‚Äì How to Write Clean Python
https://youtu.be/fFY5103p5-c&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

PyPI vs Warehouse, the Next-Generation Python Package Repository
https://youtu.be/p-2ORLz11fg&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Python Code Review Adding Pytest Tests to an Existing Python Web Scraper
https://youtu.be/03Ki2WpVRBc&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Python Code Review Debugging and Refactoring Conway's Game of Life +  Automated Tests
https://youtu.be/Tf70szZwWgA&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Python Code Review Flask Web Security Tutorial + Virtualenvs, requirements.txt
https://youtu.be/ul_i2TzHLuA&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Python Code Review LibreOffice Automation and the Python Standard Library
https://youtu.be/Fyf0CalFr6I&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Python Code Review Refactoring a Web Scraper, PEP 8 Style Guide Compliance, requirements.txt
https://youtu.be/sarl7bi50xw&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Python Context Managers and the with Statement (__enter__ & __exit__)
https://youtu.be/iba-I4CrmyA&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Python Data Structures Sets, Frozensets, and Multisets (Bags)
https://youtu.be/b-K1ujf8u_k&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Python Function Argument Unpacking Tutorial ( and  Operators)
https://youtu.be/YWY4BZi_o28&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Python Plugin System Load Modules Dynamically With importlib
https://youtu.be/cbot48lckOs&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Python Refactoring while True Infinite Loops & The input Function
https://youtu.be/ez-qYc0NlMk&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Python Tricks is the #1 Python book on Amazon right now üò≤ (Q&A)
https://youtu.be/y8aX93b_Azk&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Python Tutorial How To Check if a File or Directory Exists
https://youtu.be/DvZTW5g82pQ&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Python Tutorial List Comprehensions Step-By-Step
https://youtu.be/1HlyKKiGg-4&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Reverse a List in Python Tutorial Three Methods & How-to Demos
https://youtu.be/sGhY8dQdu4A&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Setting up Sublime Text for Python Developers ‚Äì Lesson #1
https://youtu.be/3yGZ0P-wRSw&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

String Conversion in Python When to Use __repr__ vs __str__
https://youtu.be/aIdzBGzaxUo&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

The Object-oriented Version of Spaghetti Code is Lasagna Code !
https://youtu.be/XrIjEponeeU&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Type-Checking Python Programs With Type Hints and mypy
https://youtu.be/2xWhaALHTvU&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Using get() to Return a Default Value from a Python Dict
https://youtu.be/y4LXXpekUxs&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

What's the meaning of underscores (_ & __) in Python variable names
https://youtu.be/ALZmCy2u0jQ&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Working Effectively with Python Virtual Environments (Virtualenv)
https://youtu.be/8KWVEc6vFgA&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

Writing automated tests for Python command-line apps and scripts
https://youtu.be/ApTZib0L2X8&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i

üìòüêç Python Tricks The Book ‚Äì Now Available On Amazon
https://youtu.be/qZyXh4FTFWk&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP3ignHY_Dq7bFsvwzAcqZ1i
Videos 1-25