
Easy Loading Scene  Level Load Screen Progress Indicator
https://youtu.be/H_0I9h4gHco

Improve your Unity3D Inspector with Attributes
https://youtu.be/9udeBeQiZSc

Intro to the Unity3D Video Player & The different ways to play video
https://youtu.be/mRLfyc5Mi7U

Reduce your Unity Build Size with some quick shrinking Tips (mobile, windows, etc)
https://youtu.be/7O21c8BzEzM

SOLID Unity3D - Single Responsibility Principle
https://youtu.be/Eyr7_l5NMds

Trying out Odin Inspector in Unity3D - A mini review
https://youtu.be/e5qwU7_59Ro

UNET Basics - How to get started with Unity3D Networking
https://youtu.be/0H_ikQp9aTI

Unity & UNET - LAN Game Discovery - Networking
https://youtu.be/aFttCm9649A

Unity 101 - Using the Unity Profiler to optimize performance
https://youtu.be/fROTtgZK-Zs

Unity 101 5 ways to move Unity3D Objects
https://youtu.be/tNtOcDryKv4

Unity UGUI Interface Keyboard Navigation
https://youtu.be/NYhF3lyC7_8

Unity3D - An interesting Simple Injection System
https://youtu.be/DVDV93Zkong

Unity3D - Custom Inspector Buttons - How & Why to use them
https://youtu.be/S0uzASrr_-A

Unity3D - Load Scene by name from InputField
https://youtu.be/gxRlswN8rO4

Unity3D - Reduce memory footprint with the Memory Profiler
https://youtu.be/cY00DFgQ2no

Unity3D - SOLID Code - Open Closed Principle
https://youtu.be/wYkzeKghjsI

Unity3D - UI Model Display  Character Select UI
https://youtu.be/ma-qIQ4p3Jg

Unity3D - UNET - How to Build a Custom UI
https://youtu.be/zba40qn2M2w

Unity3D 101 - The Transform Tool (including the new version)
https://youtu.be/Yw7M9KOcd4Y

Unity3D 101 Spawning Objects from prefabs, resources, and pools
https://youtu.be/9KOHclqSmR4

Unity3D Prefabs - 101 - How to use them & why you should
https://youtu.be/46BxZNP0WXk

Unity3D Rants - Small Classes, Partials, Invoking, & more..
https://youtu.be/wIhqaDq-Blg

Unity3D SOLID Principals - Liskov Substitution Principal
https://youtu.be/eXPBR3WlRGY

Unity3D SOLID Principles - Dependency Inversion Principle
https://youtu.be/fGshe3ILKnA

Unity3D Textures  Art - How to get free PBR Materials
https://youtu.be/3dchx1OILJ4
Videos 401-425