
GopherCon UK 2018 Aditya Mukerjee - You Might Be a Go Contributor Already and Not Know It
https://youtu.be/2mgKDqD5Ga8&list=PLDWZ5uzn69ewsMyuGjVsAnpQIjyud1Cv9

GopherCon UK 2018 Alexandre Gonz√°lez - From source code to Kubernetes, a Continuous Deployment tale
https://youtu.be/MuxkMzFVkKI&list=PLDWZ5uzn69ewsMyuGjVsAnpQIjyud1Cv9

GopherCon UK 2018 Amy Chen - Code, Content, & Crafting Your Voice
https://youtu.be/C5wkhwBhYzI&list=PLDWZ5uzn69ewsMyuGjVsAnpQIjyud1Cv9

GopherCon UK 2018 Bernd Rucker - Orchestration of Microservices
https://youtu.be/NBo7d5AG-3s&list=PLDWZ5uzn69ewsMyuGjVsAnpQIjyud1Cv9

GopherCon UK 2018 Brian Ketelsen - Athens The Center of Knowledge
https://youtu.be/_wXf5Oixz28&list=PLDWZ5uzn69ewsMyuGjVsAnpQIjyud1Cv9

Gophercon UK 2018 Carmen Ruiz Vicente - Using Go for Healthcare
https://youtu.be/YWdJlXxFO-U&list=PLDWZ5uzn69ewsMyuGjVsAnpQIjyud1Cv9

GopherCon UK 2018 Cassandra Salisbury - Growing a Community of Gophers
https://youtu.be/awmsp2N6trY&list=PLDWZ5uzn69ewsMyuGjVsAnpQIjyud1Cv9

GopherCon UK 2018 Christopher Biscardi - Going GraphQL
https://youtu.be/FdURVezcdcw&list=PLDWZ5uzn69ewsMyuGjVsAnpQIjyud1Cv9

Gophercon UK 2018 Contributor Workshop
https://youtu.be/jOIS60UVqr0&list=PLDWZ5uzn69ewsMyuGjVsAnpQIjyud1Cv9

GopherCon UK 2018 Daniela Petruzalek - The Best Feature of Go
https://youtu.be/zE4QWgyZQP4&list=PLDWZ5uzn69ewsMyuGjVsAnpQIjyud1Cv9

GopherCon UK 2018 David Hernandez - Secrets about using Machine Learning and Go
https://youtu.be/rsrRZ8mN5Kk&list=PLDWZ5uzn69ewsMyuGjVsAnpQIjyud1Cv9

GopherCon UK 2018 Dmitry Matyukhin - Component & Integration Tests for Micro-services
https://youtu.be/Hm10y2tP5QQ&list=PLDWZ5uzn69ewsMyuGjVsAnpQIjyud1Cv9

GopherCon UK 2018 Eleanor Deal - Go's role in publishing data at the Office for National Statistics
https://youtu.be/-VxJ7XLdrO4&list=PLDWZ5uzn69ewsMyuGjVsAnpQIjyud1Cv9

GopherCon UK 2018 Florin Patan - Production Ready Go Service in 30 Minutes
https://youtu.be/wxkEQxvxs3w&list=PLDWZ5uzn69ewsMyuGjVsAnpQIjyud1Cv9

GopherCon UK 2018 Grant Griffiths - Black Box Monitoring in Go
https://youtu.be/MAopsd6kdY0&list=PLDWZ5uzn69ewsMyuGjVsAnpQIjyud1Cv9

GopherCon UK 2018 Grant Griffiths - Building Resilient Data Pipelines in Go
https://youtu.be/gm34Aph9v0M&list=PLDWZ5uzn69ewsMyuGjVsAnpQIjyud1Cv9

GopherCon UK 2018 Kat Zien - How do you structure your Go apps
https://youtu.be/VQym87o91f8&list=PLDWZ5uzn69ewsMyuGjVsAnpQIjyud1Cv9

GopherCon UK 2018 Mahdi Jelodari - GoPro More Concurrent than Parallel!
https://youtu.be/IzyEKH8N4aE&list=PLDWZ5uzn69ewsMyuGjVsAnpQIjyud1Cv9

GopherCon UK 2018 Marty Schoch - Scorch! a New Index for Bleve
https://youtu.be/zjG2Y01i3Kk&list=PLDWZ5uzn69ewsMyuGjVsAnpQIjyud1Cv9

GopherCon UK 2018 Matthew Campbell - Blockchain Apps in Go
https://youtu.be/BzDUl9UrLRg&list=PLDWZ5uzn69ewsMyuGjVsAnpQIjyud1Cv9

GopherCon UK 2018 Michael Hausenblas - Three Billy GOats Gruff A Dev's Tale from VMs to Serverless
https://youtu.be/GUGYJup0xLc&list=PLDWZ5uzn69ewsMyuGjVsAnpQIjyud1Cv9

GopherCon UK 2018 Pawel Slomka - Documenting Go Code with Beautiful Tests
https://youtu.be/TGg6cc0QCzw&list=PLDWZ5uzn69ewsMyuGjVsAnpQIjyud1Cv9

GopherCon UK 2018 Roberto Clapis - Goroutines The Dark Side of the Runtime
https://youtu.be/4CrL3Ygh7S0&list=PLDWZ5uzn69ewsMyuGjVsAnpQIjyud1Cv9

GopherCon UK 2018 Sean Kelly - Broadcasting Channels
https://youtu.be/nG2djhqmSQk&list=PLDWZ5uzn69ewsMyuGjVsAnpQIjyud1Cv9

GopherCon UK 2018 Sean Kelly - Go Test Under the Hood
https://youtu.be/wvDvhFgX7Z8&list=PLDWZ5uzn69ewsMyuGjVsAnpQIjyud1Cv9
Videos 1-25