
3D Bar Charts in Python and Matplotlib
https://youtu.be/W94Kv8-c_5g

3D Charts in Matplotlib for Python Multiple datasets scatter plot
https://youtu.be/jj72SdnTMfE

3D Graphs in Matplotlib for Python Basic 3D Line
https://youtu.be/ZlpFQNVhB7I

3D Plane wire frame Graph Chart in Python
https://youtu.be/Zv9a_wMJMe4

3D Plotting in Matplotlib for Python 3D Scatter Plot
https://youtu.be/6ljHxJQ47Uk

How to Parse Twitter for Twitter Analysis Part 1
https://youtu.be/-_26vpe-PGo

How to Parse Twitter for Twitter Analysis Part 2
https://youtu.be/iBO1bD9c4Wg

How to Parse Twitter for Twitter Analysis Part 3
https://youtu.be/fY_XDLgeL00

How to Parse Twitter for Twitter Analysis Part 4
https://youtu.be/di5CSbmlR_8

How to smooth graph and chart lines in Python and Matplotlib
https://youtu.be/uSB8UBrbMfk

Python Tutorial File Deletion and Folder Deletion  directory deletion
https://youtu.be/JJaNqB43Mrs

Python Tutorial How to Rename Files and Move Files with Python
https://youtu.be/VlRUC4tF8TA

Raspberry Pi Part 1 Introduction
https://youtu.be/hiwv-Rt85E4

Raspberry Pi Part 10 How to set up a Linux Web Server on your Pi
https://youtu.be/5WqpKPRrQEY

Raspberry Pi Part 2 Installing an Operating System
https://youtu.be/JWKPiVK2nIs

Raspberry Pi Part 3 Plugging everything in
https://youtu.be/Ai9ccR8aSfE

Raspberry Pi Part 4 Actually Installing an Operating System
https://youtu.be/934uhTExwXM

Raspberry Pi Part 5 Navigating Your New Pi
https://youtu.be/OlYtvP0nzy4

Raspberry Pi Part 6 Overclocking and how to overclock Raspberry Pi
https://youtu.be/TyJH0OKyibw

Raspberry Pi Part 7 Overclocking and how to overclock Raspberry Pi part 2
https://youtu.be/LBObxnNIxOI

Raspberry Pi Part 8 First Download and Update! (Firmware)
https://youtu.be/a7X36jheRS8

Raspberry Pi Part 9 Navigating the Terminal
https://youtu.be/wcLPZY0h2Ds

Sikuli Tutorial 1 Visually programming in python!
https://youtu.be/rrVHoYBknGo

Sikuli Tutorial 2 Program visually in python!
https://youtu.be/dlBX7FE5ApA

Sikuli Tutorial 3 Program visually in python!
https://youtu.be/D9vdhjR8eWE
Videos 1176-1200