
Building supersonic subatomic cloud-native Java applications with Quarkus and GraalVM
https://youtu.be/3FUCRE5wyFg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Agile is STILL a Dirty Word - James Birnie
https://youtu.be/xey7wRcVqKY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Being transactional in 2019 - what does it actually mean - Maciej Próchniak
https://youtu.be/WTLPb57s82A&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Bootiful Testing - Josh Long
https://youtu.be/wLs10EdYLd8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Building a Reactive DB driver with R2DBC - Igor Lozynskyi
https://youtu.be/Oq9y5REbyxE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Effective Kotlin - Developers guide - Noe Branagan
https://youtu.be/vGSLV3a_55E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 gRPC-Web It’s All About Communication - Alex Borysov, Yevgen Golubenko
https://youtu.be/GTL7ZvHQR_M&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Hibernate the Ripper - Taras Boychuk
https://youtu.be/tnbgTJ2zdL8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 How to build 1000 microservices with Kafka and thrive - Natan Silnitsky
https://youtu.be/NHu_ERC_eK0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Impostor Syndrome, a story of an empty Github account - Michal Gruca
https://youtu.be/CTItATzfDd4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Infrastructure-as-code evolving tools vs core principles - Mykyta Protsenko
https://youtu.be/Z1lVPUxUtzo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Inside the Earth’s Coolest Datacentres - Jamie Coleman
https://youtu.be/aEJClWuCf-k&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Kubernetes Serverless or Serverfull - Burr Sutter
https://youtu.be/pZrh-MAIFDI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Local variable type inference - will it compile - Miro Cupak
https://youtu.be/GGvuZwIMWns&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Modern Identity Management (in the Era of Serverless and Microservices)
https://youtu.be/kzoZOJhR42g&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 New opportunities for Java developers with GraalVM - Alina Yurenko
https://youtu.be/Mt0YxmgPIXM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Optimizing Performance of Java Applications with GraalVM - Alina Yurenko
https://youtu.be/gcupu0ZdyoQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Performance - Chris Thalinger
https://youtu.be/J8aNmQsKoO8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Reactive Spring - Josh Long
https://youtu.be/_lvw-fT6SQI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Safe-Awareness for Introverts (and why programmers suck at salary negotiations)
https://youtu.be/JN5XJY0H5Bw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Slow Down To Go Faster Than Ever, But How - Lemi Orhan Ergin
https://youtu.be/sLDKsjK4kEw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 The state of typed front-end - Daniil Drobot
https://youtu.be/c1xsoXgfOwg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg
Videos 26-47