
A path to multi(arbitrary)-precision, distributed scientific computation with Python3.
https://youtu.be/LTFslxbZ26g&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSwoCPDqCl7gt2OaG-6-GeY

await kittens()
https://youtu.be/RMdb9FWO4S4&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSwoCPDqCl7gt2OaG-6-GeY

Bluetooth Low Energy
https://youtu.be/_PB52uaptOc&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSwoCPDqCl7gt2OaG-6-GeY

Brainstorm your own Artificial Neural Network in Python
https://youtu.be/beHz9jX89b0&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSwoCPDqCl7gt2OaG-6-GeY

Digital image processing - From atom to pixel and back
https://youtu.be/iqb-b0db2Po&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSwoCPDqCl7gt2OaG-6-GeY

Golang for Python Devs
https://youtu.be/AVxosSFzq5s&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSwoCPDqCl7gt2OaG-6-GeY

Hear no evil, see no evil, patch no evil Or, how to monkey-patch safely.
https://youtu.be/GCZmGgtWi3M&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSwoCPDqCl7gt2OaG-6-GeY

Leveraging Python to Automate GIS Processes and Provide Extended Analytical Capabilities
https://youtu.be/Fmtofk8t2dg&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSwoCPDqCl7gt2OaG-6-GeY

Lightning Talks Friday
https://youtu.be/fOrYeUaOez4&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSwoCPDqCl7gt2OaG-6-GeY

Lightning Talks Saturday
https://youtu.be/6tqu46jAt_s&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSwoCPDqCl7gt2OaG-6-GeY

Making randomly generated guitar effect patches that don't sound terrible
https://youtu.be/0diL8vWlffA&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSwoCPDqCl7gt2OaG-6-GeY

Making sense of setup.py
https://youtu.be/S-Le3PWHqZA&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSwoCPDqCl7gt2OaG-6-GeY

Practical Python Async for Dummies
https://youtu.be/5_K8GwZ_268&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSwoCPDqCl7gt2OaG-6-GeY

Preventing Cat-astrophes with GNU MediaGoblin
https://youtu.be/RLBaoMYnSuY&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSwoCPDqCl7gt2OaG-6-GeY

Push Notifications in Python
https://youtu.be/izRsNc7ohP0&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSwoCPDqCl7gt2OaG-6-GeY

PygData  Python in BigData
https://youtu.be/fxwmV1fQOiA&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSwoCPDqCl7gt2OaG-6-GeY

Rust for Pythonistas
https://youtu.be/bjHIOVvf208&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSwoCPDqCl7gt2OaG-6-GeY

Scientific Hooliganism - what we can learn from the first hack in history
https://youtu.be/qVYmMtLjcAY&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSwoCPDqCl7gt2OaG-6-GeY

Tai Chi Principles for Mindful Programmers
https://youtu.be/Skt6hRErR7c&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSwoCPDqCl7gt2OaG-6-GeY

The dangerous, exquisite art of safely handing user-uploaded files
https://youtu.be/0c5rqL8gPbk&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSwoCPDqCl7gt2OaG-6-GeY

The Power ‚ö°Ô∏è and Responsibility üòì of Unicode Adoption ‚ú®
https://youtu.be/3afcBEz6CzA&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSwoCPDqCl7gt2OaG-6-GeY

Universal Second Factor authentication, or why 2FA today is wubalubadubdub
https://youtu.be/Mxk3ueCkZG8&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSwoCPDqCl7gt2OaG-6-GeY

Use Workflow-as-a-Service without writing python code
https://youtu.be/pLV_JQVTn2g&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSwoCPDqCl7gt2OaG-6-GeY

Warpdrive, making Python web application deployment magically easy.
https://youtu.be/y_vwvqgRZK0&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSwoCPDqCl7gt2OaG-6-GeY

What's holding you back from connecting with others
https://youtu.be/AI_TA6jgBYY&list=PLBGl1tVyiWQSwoCPDqCl7gt2OaG-6-GeY
Videos 1-25