
5 ways to listen better  Julian Treasure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cSohjlYQI2A&list=

Aspen Baker A better way to talk about abortion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5Mpo4JQZhw&list=

Boyd Varty What I learned from Nelson Mandela
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FV-c2FnPnDE&list=

Christopher Emdin Teach teachers how to create magic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3ddtbeduoo&list=

Color blind or color brave  Mellody Hobson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKtALHe3Y9Q&list=

Ernesto Sirolli Want to help someone Shut up and listen!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chXsLtHqfdM&list=

Ethan Zuckerman How to listen to global voices
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXPJVwwEmiM&list=

Evan Williams on what's behind Twitter's explosive growth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3n_EitPb7BU&list=

Every kid needs a champion  Rita Pierson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFnMTHhKdkw&list=

Honor Harger A history of the universe in sound
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mAAxykQH0Wo&list=

How I beat stage fright  Joe Kowan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lq_BVyou38s&list=

How one tweet can ruin your life  Jon Ronson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wAIP6fI0NAI&list=

How to speak so that people want to listen  Julian Treasure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIho2S0ZahI&list=

How to truly listen  Evelyn Glennie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IU3V6zNER4g&list=

Let's try emotional correctness  Sally Kohn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCJTV5KaJJc&list=

Maryn McKenna What do we do when antibiotics don’t work any more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3oDpCb7VqI&list=

Neil Harbisson I listen to color
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygRNoieAnzI&list=

Sebastian Junger Why veterans miss war
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TGZMSmcuiXM&list=

Sheryl Sandberg So we leaned in ... now what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YraU52j3y8s&list=

Stanley McChrystal Listen, learn ... then lead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FmpIMt95ndU&list=

What it takes to be a great leader  Roselinde Torres
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aUYSDEYdmzw&list=

Why dieting doesn't usually work  Sandra Aamodt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jn0Ygp7pMbA&list=
Listen up