
PHP UK Conferenc 2016 - Jordi Boggiano - Behind the Scenes of Maintaining an Open Source Project
https://youtu.be/cOjS7iof6SU&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF91PL_05g00Y6s0BM3LkUX8

PHP UK Conference 2016 - Bastian Hofmann - Elastic scaling in a (micro)service oriented architecture
https://youtu.be/YBDscJhz2S0&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF91PL_05g00Y6s0BM3LkUX8

PHP UK Conference 2016 - Billie Thompson - Kubernetes at the Home Office
https://youtu.be/ACHiv5vuJuk&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF91PL_05g00Y6s0BM3LkUX8

PHP UK Conference 2016 - Christopher Hoult - Simple Machine Learning
https://youtu.be/tSUjgzCQB_4&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF91PL_05g00Y6s0BM3LkUX8

PHP UK Conference 2016 - Gary Hockin - Step into Debugging
https://youtu.be/SlluEqL0oOI&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF91PL_05g00Y6s0BM3LkUX8

PHP UK Conference 2016 - Gavin Davies - Comic book continuity and Git rebase
https://youtu.be/BzITHlQa_VQ&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF91PL_05g00Y6s0BM3LkUX8

PHP UK Conference 2016 - Georgiana Gligor - Large scale websites performance optimisation tricks
https://youtu.be/7L5qvCjgHko&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF91PL_05g00Y6s0BM3LkUX8

PHP UK Conference 2016 - Hannes Van De Vreken - PSR 7 HTTP Messages In the Wild
https://youtu.be/gOVALgpqHzM&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF91PL_05g00Y6s0BM3LkUX8

PHP UK Conference 2016 - Jakub Zalas - Eating spaghetti with Symfony
https://youtu.be/_h1MJbyGSc8&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF91PL_05g00Y6s0BM3LkUX8

PHP UK Conference 2016 - James Titcumb  - Dip Your Toes in the Sea of Security
https://youtu.be/XLNm0-eoLaE&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF91PL_05g00Y6s0BM3LkUX8

PHP UK Conference 2016 - Jessica Rose - Imposter Syndrome and Individual Competence
https://youtu.be/taklO4YIMow&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF91PL_05g00Y6s0BM3LkUX8

PHP UK Conference 2016 - Jordi Boggiano - How I learned to stop worrying and love Regex
https://youtu.be/OqUsf6LQzPg&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF91PL_05g00Y6s0BM3LkUX8

PHP UK Conference 2016 - Juozas Kaziukėnas - From PHP to Machine Code
https://youtu.be/Tm_awZP0vFY&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF91PL_05g00Y6s0BM3LkUX8

PHP UK Conference 2016 - Kayla Daniels - The Code Manifesto
https://youtu.be/0ncZRjh4wUk&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF91PL_05g00Y6s0BM3LkUX8

PHP UK Conference 2016 - Lorna Mitchell - What To Expect From PHP7
https://youtu.be/hC5dPhM_LFo&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF91PL_05g00Y6s0BM3LkUX8

PHP UK Conference 2016 - Marco Pivetta - Doctrine ORM Good Practices and Tricks
https://youtu.be/rzGeNYC3oz0&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF91PL_05g00Y6s0BM3LkUX8

PHP UK Conference 2016 - Matthew Turland - Mocking Dependencies in Unit Tests with Phake
https://youtu.be/6fNL5U1FUiI&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF91PL_05g00Y6s0BM3LkUX8

PHP UK Conference 2016 - Matthias Noback - All the cool kids...
https://youtu.be/EDXgNA_pXX0&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF91PL_05g00Y6s0BM3LkUX8

PHP UK Conference 2016 - Michael Heap -  Automation Automation Automation
https://youtu.be/JH5yolHWFHc&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF91PL_05g00Y6s0BM3LkUX8

PHP UK Conference 2016 - Morgan Tocker - MySQL 5 7 + JSON
https://youtu.be/rC0Hat5GV6g&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF91PL_05g00Y6s0BM3LkUX8

PHP UK Conference 2016 - Ole Michaelis - Whirlwind tour through the HTTP2 spec
https://youtu.be/sRo98KNmBuM&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF91PL_05g00Y6s0BM3LkUX8

PHP UK Conference 2016 - Rob Allen - Introducing Zend Framework 3
https://youtu.be/ycNDcPuIK8o&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF91PL_05g00Y6s0BM3LkUX8

PHP UK Conference 2016 - Stephan Hochdörfer - From Vagrant to Production
https://youtu.be/kk-vImUfXjM&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF91PL_05g00Y6s0BM3LkUX8

PHP UK Conference 2016 - Szymon Skórczyński - Docker & PHP development and deployment
https://youtu.be/Q6EBPTVCrDM&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF91PL_05g00Y6s0BM3LkUX8

PHP UK Conference 2016 - Thomas Shone - Security Theatre
https://youtu.be/cEIVLEdbT_s&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF91PL_05g00Y6s0BM3LkUX8
Videos 1-25