
Battery Modeling with Simulink
https://youtu.be/OFWCFefmvnM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

CAN Communication with Your ECUs and the Vehicle Network Toolbox
https://youtu.be/JZy0fLeVkUs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Data Acquisition and Analysis
https://youtu.be/1TU-Yubamu4&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Determining Chassis Stiffness with MATLAB
https://youtu.be/iWzG8Uqu_dY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Developing a New Control Unit Using an FPGA
https://youtu.be/9s40JK_uwxA&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Driver-in-the-Loop Simulations
https://youtu.be/63-d7jdHoMs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Embedded Code Generation for Your Vehicle Control Systems
https://youtu.be/kU7iRYMlaYo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

From Model to Racing in Five Minutes
https://youtu.be/cIKaPUaOptg&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

From Telemetry Data to Suspension Modeling
https://youtu.be/ldsWe0gU1uU&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Import CAD Assembly into SimMechanics - MATLAB and Simulink Racing Lounge
https://youtu.be/MjqHTYX-z4Y&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Interview with Owen Carless, Chief Judge, FSG 2014 - MATLAB and Simulink Racing Lounge
https://youtu.be/JLvMxNS8rjg&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Lap Time Simulation; Essential Part of Concept Development
https://youtu.be/kDXt9X7VpBQ&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

MATLAB Tips and Tricks
https://youtu.be/eVfDdmwbYeU&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Modeling Physical Components, Part 1 Mathematical Models
https://youtu.be/alFPhyrfmC4&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Modeling Physical Components, Part 2 Data-Driven Concepts
https://youtu.be/F_D2kUCFDno&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Principles of Control Design
https://youtu.be/stiDxFSKMNI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Reduce Testing Time by Vehicle Modeling
https://youtu.be/4qszgexqX4s&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Tire Modeling; Extracting Results from a Large Data Set
https://youtu.be/WW1qCuuleTQ&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Torque Vectoring - Controller Design, Tuning, and Testing
https://youtu.be/tcmJMzLDrkU&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Versioning Simulink Projects with Git
https://youtu.be/AJynESuE1dc&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0
Videos 26-45