
A peek into the black box - how to adopt Java Flight Recorder to improve ...  - Marek Bubala
https://youtu.be/3btiDtw50Z8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Akka and Kubernetes, the beginning of a beautiful relationship - Hugh McKee
https://youtu.be/CjkiznureoU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Architects Suck! Architecture Rocks! - James Birnie
https://youtu.be/Ah0vDgnG7o4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Building simple CRUD services with Spring Data REST - Andreas Bräu
https://youtu.be/KluTAGadmNk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Controlling drones with JavaScript - Jasper Schulte
https://youtu.be/9uibNyt_RgM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Impostor syndrome - czyli hamulec rozwoju. Czym jest, czy dotyczy ciebie i jak ... - Anita Przybył
https://youtu.be/A00-AbvVV2w&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Java. Migrating to 11 in real app - Piotr Przybył
https://youtu.be/hAbvZs6bJP8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Kafka mistakes – you won’t work long enough to make all o them… - Michał Ambroziewicz
https://youtu.be/5hJ3nEnrCS4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Managing Business Processes in Microservice Architecture with Spring Ecosystem - Bartłomiej Słota
https://youtu.be/MF25j8ecNyY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Micro Frontends – a Strive for Fully Verticalized Systems - David Leitner
https://youtu.be/BdogUPEC27w&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Moving beyond REST GraphQL and Java - Pratik Patel
https://youtu.be/LVhzB2kFEAE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Particle Accelerators and Java with Quarkus - Burr Sutter
https://youtu.be/KpS3-ZNeCfE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Reactive Hardcore. How to build a Publisher and implement own Project Reactor - Oleh Dokuka [23]
https://youtu.be/noeWdjO4fyU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Reactive Hardcore. How to build a Publisher and implement own Project Reactor - Oleh Dokuka [33]
https://youtu.be/cVKhFPiebSs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Real-world HTTP performance benchmarking, lessons learned - Julien Viet
https://youtu.be/JDkm6MqzGP4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Responsible Microservices - Nathaniel Schutta
https://youtu.be/txBCrsVryiU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Site Reliability Engineering & distributed services design - Jessica Man
https://youtu.be/SVv4FuhhULY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Spring Framework 5.2 Core Container Revisited - Juergen Hoeller
https://youtu.be/DvqXdnzhlSc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Still 100% Java for frontend development - A.Mahdy AbdelAziz
https://youtu.be/TxVMzFecdK0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Taming Code Quality in the Worst Language I Know Bash - Michał Kordas
https://youtu.be/NF0CY43GYKU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

The Survival Guide to Modern Apps AuthN and AuthZ specs - Boleslaw Dawidowicz
https://youtu.be/Yo-bTeNg84k&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Thinking Architecturally - Nathaniel Schutta
https://youtu.be/d5bNZX8tpiI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Understanding Low Latency JVM GCs - Jean-Philippe BEMPEL
https://youtu.be/WEzqfzoVaAQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

When human life depends on software - introduction to safety-critical systems - Maciej Gajdzica
https://youtu.be/iJNNJxC12UM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

YAML Considered Harmful - Philipp Krenn
https://youtu.be/WQurEEfSf8M&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW
Videos 26-50