
#324 Gatorade-powered Python APIs - Talk Python Live Stream
https://youtu.be/v-ToVlXOfQM&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

10 Tips and Tools for Developer Productivity - Talk Python Episode 345
https://youtu.be/XtJQR5RyURA&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

25 Pandas Functions You Didn’t Know Existed - Talk Python Live Stream
https://youtu.be/ZBC1Q_kYIvE&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

A path into data science - Talk Python #322 Live Stream
https://youtu.be/6QZlCuuCP5g&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Best-Practices for Docker Packaging - #323 Talk Python Live Stream
https://youtu.be/yDend6I9nwE&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Building Desktop Apps with wxPython - Talk Python #326 Live Stream
https://youtu.be/jYCwK7050wc&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Do Excel things, get notebook Python code with Mito - Talk Python Episode #343
https://youtu.be/XAGmSPZsYLU&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Geekout Renewable Energy - Talk Python Live Stream Episode 329
https://youtu.be/lUp6R1dm1Xo&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Gene Editing with Python - Talk Python Live Stream
https://youtu.be/gRyLsgzK26Q&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

HTMX - Clean, Dynamic HTML Pages - Talk Python Live Stream
https://youtu.be/4wjqsPtj2QY&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Kedro for Maintainable Data Science - Talk Python Live Stream
https://youtu.be/WTcjvwkXoY0&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Little Automation Tools in Python - Talk Python Live Stream
https://youtu.be/DJVzQuaahSg&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Making Python 5x FASTER with Guido van Rossum and Mark Shannon - Talk Python To Me
https://youtu.be/_r6bFhl6wR8&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Meet the Python Developer in Residence Łukzas Langa - Talk Python Live Stream
https://youtu.be/nZi74lGz47U&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

MicroPython + CircuitPython - Talk Python #325 Live Stream
https://youtu.be/VKBmeFb7zHY&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Microsoft Planetary Computer - Talk Python Live Stream
https://youtu.be/Ow8igbLT5KQ&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Piccolo A fast, async ORM for Python - Talk Python Live Stream
https://youtu.be/d3WF59IO3S0&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Python in Architecture (as in actual buildings) on Talk Python - live stream
https://youtu.be/Fmr2GP5aojE&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Robust Python - Talk Python Live Stream Episode 332
https://youtu.be/QU3JO4dwT-s&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

SQLAlchemy 2.0 on Talk Python - Live Stream Event
https://youtu.be/q5Iv6RUxKC8&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

State of Data Science in 2021 - Talk Python Live Stream
https://youtu.be/Y7IguqED2zI&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Talk Python Apache Airflow Open-Source Workflow with Python
https://youtu.be/QbkD4BvQYTI&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Terminal magic with Rich and Textual - Talk Python Live Stream
https://youtu.be/laWyjfzur28&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Time to JIT your Python with Pyjion - Talk Python Live Stream
https://youtu.be/GaKXPY-u7pI&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Using cibuildwheel to manage the scikit-HEP packages - Talk Python To Me 338 Live Stream
https://youtu.be/8MfmY0IaeT4&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_
Videos 76-100