
A progressive open web with Angular 2 by Huiren Woo
https://youtu.be/tVW-j0ncxnk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrj46WuEXVaJvJD7j3FZUtH

Avoid the headaches – make your asynchronous code look synchronous! by Jordane Grenat
https://youtu.be/-OpwnoGwKuY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrj46WuEXVaJvJD7j3FZUtH

Chaos Engineering Primer by Sergiu Bodiu
https://youtu.be/u1h-NKH3X0k&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrj46WuEXVaJvJD7j3FZUtH

Cloud Native Java by Josh Long
https://youtu.be/I053xBvPhSY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrj46WuEXVaJvJD7j3FZUtH

Comparing DBs with Golang in the cloud by Vincent Serpoul
https://youtu.be/phCZwgwCryM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrj46WuEXVaJvJD7j3FZUtH

Curing you Domain Model Anemia with Effective & Clean Tips from the Real World by Edson Yanaga
https://youtu.be/zzxinXTIMmo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrj46WuEXVaJvJD7j3FZUtH

Data Modeling for Couchbase by Clarence J M Tauro
https://youtu.be/S0fUEPhe1Zw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrj46WuEXVaJvJD7j3FZUtH

Elasticsearch and the languages of Singapore by Florian Hopf
https://youtu.be/QC2JwQimdoM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrj46WuEXVaJvJD7j3FZUtH

Getting all the 99.99(9) you always wanted by Mite Mitreski
https://youtu.be/vW-uUzkimfw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrj46WuEXVaJvJD7j3FZUtH

Hibernate you know it… but actually you don’t by Emmanuel Bernard
https://youtu.be/6AS6rw56jSE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrj46WuEXVaJvJD7j3FZUtH

High-performance web apps using HTTP2 by Owais Zahid
https://youtu.be/Yyy9wdm8p20&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrj46WuEXVaJvJD7j3FZUtH

How we scaled Redmart by Rajesh Lingappa
https://youtu.be/0CLQb3hAa4g&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrj46WuEXVaJvJD7j3FZUtH

IT Holy Wars by Guillaume Laforge
https://youtu.be/4MDTBBEEyho&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrj46WuEXVaJvJD7j3FZUtH

Java 9 The Quest for Very Large Heaps by Nida Bouzid
https://youtu.be/wrUmPVEG07U&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrj46WuEXVaJvJD7j3FZUtH

Machine Intelligence at Google Scale by Guillaume Laforge
https://youtu.be/kl6aJEzByV0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrj46WuEXVaJvJD7j3FZUtH

Mesos vs Kubernetes vs Swarm Fight! by Christophe Furmaniak
https://youtu.be/DuGZ5UYHxI8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrj46WuEXVaJvJD7j3FZUtH

Microservices with Kafka by Albert Laszlo Robert
https://youtu.be/gAjmzFMQtiY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrj46WuEXVaJvJD7j3FZUtH

ng2, yarn & webpack2 in JHipster 4 by Sendil Kumar N
https://youtu.be/F0LshPnnGY4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrj46WuEXVaJvJD7j3FZUtH

Reactive Microservices on the JVM with Vert.x by Burr Sutter
https://youtu.be/MydhJVPEnzU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrj46WuEXVaJvJD7j3FZUtH

Reactive Programming with RxJS, introduction to CycleJS by Benoit Averty
https://youtu.be/uoL9-tJggT0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrj46WuEXVaJvJD7j3FZUtH

Resilient microservices with Kubernetes by Mete Atamel
https://youtu.be/eV1M6-x4pl4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrj46WuEXVaJvJD7j3FZUtH

Voxxed Days Singapore Opening Keynote by Alan Menant
https://youtu.be/GzxQNyN19S0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrj46WuEXVaJvJD7j3FZUtH

What can we learn from 750 billion GitHub events and 42 TB of code by Felipe Hoffa
https://youtu.be/-VLlMl5zK3k&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrj46WuEXVaJvJD7j3FZUtH
Voxxed Days Singapore 2017