
Little Town - Session 03 - 01 Setting Up Our Textbox
https://youtu.be/Cz2baLZ766U&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5KMyHoN2vJJq8qQ0VjiLHLm

Little Town - Session 03 - 02 Drawing Things
https://youtu.be/asdvlJn7UrM&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5KMyHoN2vJJq8qQ0VjiLHLm

Little Town - Session 03 - 03 Working with Fonts
https://youtu.be/Zmb5CYzGgBA&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5KMyHoN2vJJq8qQ0VjiLHLm

Little Town - Session 03 - 04 More Advanced Textbox
https://youtu.be/A7IBRm0BaKw&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5KMyHoN2vJJq8qQ0VjiLHLm

Little Town - Session 03 - 05 Calling a Textbox
https://youtu.be/j6IkFumLIRo&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5KMyHoN2vJJq8qQ0VjiLHLm

Little Town - Session 03 - 06 Talking to Our NPCs
https://youtu.be/lOmZZwmk9-s&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5KMyHoN2vJJq8qQ0VjiLHLm

Little Town - Session 03 - 07 Giving our NPCs a Voice
https://youtu.be/cgK7ChzPFOQ&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5KMyHoN2vJJq8qQ0VjiLHLm

Little Town - Session 03 - 08 Taking Control Away
https://youtu.be/jwRtj7qEE6I&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5KMyHoN2vJJq8qQ0VjiLHLm

Little Town - Session 03 - 09 Closing Our Textbox
https://youtu.be/Q12_Ox8AOE0&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5KMyHoN2vJJq8qQ0VjiLHLm

Little Town - Session 03 - 10 Adding Effects
https://youtu.be/dOSLJ4OcwpI&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5KMyHoN2vJJq8qQ0VjiLHLm

Little Town - Session 03 - 11 Adding a Sound Effect to the Textbox
https://youtu.be/_Z-PznMYaQs&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5KMyHoN2vJJq8qQ0VjiLHLm

Little Town - Session 03 - 12 Adding a Visual Prompt
https://youtu.be/M3DWtj9ZjY0&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5KMyHoN2vJJq8qQ0VjiLHLm

Little Town - Session 03 - 13 Creating Our Own Functions
https://youtu.be/pRSXI3h__pA&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5KMyHoN2vJJq8qQ0VjiLHLm

Little Town - Session 03 - 14 Writing a Custom Function
https://youtu.be/MPkHM4HzAGM&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5KMyHoN2vJJq8qQ0VjiLHLm

Little Town - Session 03 - 15 Returning the Value of a Function
https://youtu.be/Qb_JEu_ooCo&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5KMyHoN2vJJq8qQ0VjiLHLm

Little Town - Session 03 - 16 Using Function
https://youtu.be/wizDTYEBnZw&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5KMyHoN2vJJq8qQ0VjiLHLm

Little Town - Session 03 - 17 Adding Effects
https://youtu.be/No66iQ46Cw0&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5KMyHoN2vJJq8qQ0VjiLHLm

Little Town - Session 03 - 18 Making the Prompt Go Away
https://youtu.be/Pz0_Llx12Rw&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5KMyHoN2vJJq8qQ0VjiLHLm

Little Town - Session 03 - 19 Bonus
https://youtu.be/MMoGBwIEnIU&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5KMyHoN2vJJq8qQ0VjiLHLm

Little Town - Session 03 - 20 End of Session 03
https://youtu.be/xbER0Mb_uwg&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5KMyHoN2vJJq8qQ0VjiLHLm
Little Town - Session 03