
Alex Willmer - CloudABI Capability based security on LinuxUnix
https://youtu.be/EssolXRfAWo&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Alexander Hendorf - Game Theory to the Rescue When Hard Decisions Are to Be Made
https://youtu.be/IaexAq-o5Ao&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Ankit Bahuguna - Query Embeddings Web Scale Search powered by Deep Learning and Python
https://youtu.be/Hcwovymu21o&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Christian Trebing - Get in control of your workflows with Airflow
https://youtu.be/i3AL3OQGJ6A&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Daniele Procida - Minds, machines and Python
https://youtu.be/SzPSA_qZfuA&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Dougal Matthews - Effective Code Review
https://youtu.be/uIwl01Nazdg&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Fabio Pliger - EuroPython 2016 Recruiting Session
https://youtu.be/jOO2LUm8_Ak&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Honza Král - Designing a Pythonic Interface
https://youtu.be/FPQrUuddT0s&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Ilia Kurenkov - re-Discovering Python's Regular Expressions
https://youtu.be/FASl4pYm6lU&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Juan Luis Cano - Per Python ad Astra
https://youtu.be/VCpTgU1pb5k&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Juan Manuel Santos - Salting things up in the DevOps' World things just got real
https://youtu.be/srx6SvSw2us&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Marko Samastur - Publish your code so others can use it in 5 easy steps
https://youtu.be/gc9dkktg1gU&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Mike Müller - Conda - Easier Installs and Simpler Builds
https://youtu.be/_OhogXMaKAM&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Radomir Dopieralski - Making robots walk with Python
https://youtu.be/W5wN7pf2iLo&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Ricardo Bánffy - Lessons Learned after 190 Million Lessons Served
https://youtu.be/_RmWNN_-J4g&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Scott Triglia - Protect your users with Circuit Breakers
https://youtu.be/vdS88uyGayM&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Sebastian Witowski - Writing faster Python
https://youtu.be/YjHsOrOOSuI&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Shahriar Tajbakhsh - Go for Python Programmers
https://youtu.be/yqg4tEjzO9M&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Stephane Wirtel - Exploring our Python Interpreter
https://youtu.be/R0lDKw0FQSI&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Theo Crevon - Automate, contribute, repeat.
https://youtu.be/RyrxWqpHRcc&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Various speakers - Lightning Talks
https://youtu.be/nBcWwMJYCKI&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

vincent warmerdam - The Joy of Simulation for Fun and Profit
https://youtu.be/TkHT3sLwtkY&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Vinicius Pacheco - APIs and Microservices With Go
https://youtu.be/Txt7JjtCO-U&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Yury Selivanov - High Performance Networking in Python
https://youtu.be/pi49aiLBas8&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Zuria BauerDaniel Domene López - How to improve your diet and save money with Python
https://youtu.be/YgC-Eqw47fI&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm
Videos 26-50