
A Whirlwind Tour of scala.meta—Ólafur Páll Geirsson
https://youtu.be/-l7pV0sFq1c&list=PL9KXdMOfekvYn_x-GEPTp3wlX6iJk_Jmu

Can we make concurrency in Scala safer—Philipp Haller
https://youtu.be/nwWvPeX6U9w&list=PL9KXdMOfekvYn_x-GEPTp3wlX6iJk_Jmu

Distributed Systems vs Compositionality—Roland Kuhn
https://youtu.be/LcUIIRqXwTY&list=PL9KXdMOfekvYn_x-GEPTp3wlX6iJk_Jmu

Enterprise Algebras—Tim Perrett
https://youtu.be/oAu0MIe072M&list=PL9KXdMOfekvYn_x-GEPTp3wlX6iJk_Jmu

Essential vs Accidental Complexity in Scala & Dotty—Andrew Phillips
https://youtu.be/Ay-9aanosUM&list=PL9KXdMOfekvYn_x-GEPTp3wlX6iJk_Jmu

First-class Coroutines for Scala—Aleksandar Prokopec
https://youtu.be/B3hKOUtc4e0&list=PL9KXdMOfekvYn_x-GEPTp3wlX6iJk_Jmu

For What is it good for—Josh Suereth & Dick Wall
https://youtu.be/WDaw2yXAa50&list=PL9KXdMOfekvYn_x-GEPTp3wlX6iJk_Jmu

Generic Derivation The Hard Parts—Travis Brown
https://youtu.be/80h3hZidSeE&list=PL9KXdMOfekvYn_x-GEPTp3wlX6iJk_Jmu

Introduction to ScalaCheck—Noel Markham
https://youtu.be/l5-5w8A-Ong&list=PL9KXdMOfekvYn_x-GEPTp3wlX6iJk_Jmu

Managing Your Resources—Denys Shabalin
https://youtu.be/MV2eJkwarT4&list=PL9KXdMOfekvYn_x-GEPTp3wlX6iJk_Jmu

Private video
https://youtu.be/XxFCNAOKA1c&list=PL9KXdMOfekvYn_x-GEPTp3wlX6iJk_Jmu

Pure Functional Database Programming with Fixpoint Types—Rob Norris
https://youtu.be/7xSfLPD6tiQ&list=PL9KXdMOfekvYn_x-GEPTp3wlX6iJk_Jmu

Quaich A serverless Scala microframework for AWS Lambda—Brendan McAdams
https://youtu.be/xHLQcS5BGbo&list=PL9KXdMOfekvYn_x-GEPTp3wlX6iJk_Jmu

Scala World Closing Panel 2016
https://youtu.be/Ns77vzEiWPA&list=PL9KXdMOfekvYn_x-GEPTp3wlX6iJk_Jmu

Scala World Opening Keynote—Martin Odersky
https://youtu.be/w1ca4KL9UXc&list=PL9KXdMOfekvYn_x-GEPTp3wlX6iJk_Jmu

Staged Parser Combinators—Manohar Jonnalagedda
https://youtu.be/Cc6QrgqsoVI&list=PL9KXdMOfekvYn_x-GEPTp3wlX6iJk_Jmu

Tales from Compiling to the JVM—Lukas Rytz
https://youtu.be/H3hPWvZtF4A&list=PL9KXdMOfekvYn_x-GEPTp3wlX6iJk_Jmu

The 2016 Eyjafjallajökull Lecture—Bodil Stokke
https://youtu.be/3ImZZ3AvjhA&list=PL9KXdMOfekvYn_x-GEPTp3wlX6iJk_Jmu

The Story of a Parallel Scala Library—Vlad Ureche
https://youtu.be/0VUDy37hszg&list=PL9KXdMOfekvYn_x-GEPTp3wlX6iJk_Jmu

The Type Astronaut's Guide to Shapeless—Dave Gurnell
https://youtu.be/Zt6LjUnOcFQ&list=PL9KXdMOfekvYn_x-GEPTp3wlX6iJk_Jmu

Writing a Compiler Plugin or Macro—Sam Halliday & Rory Graves
https://youtu.be/tIFEKeDYiTo&list=PL9KXdMOfekvYn_x-GEPTp3wlX6iJk_Jmu

Yulia Tsernant
https://youtu.be/qso63yuq6a8&list=PL9KXdMOfekvYn_x-GEPTp3wlX6iJk_Jmu
Videos 1-25