
Chad Granum - Better Testing with Test2-Suite
https://youtu.be/JsZw8P_PCUg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Dave Rolsky - Tidy All The Things
https://youtu.be/MNEnnEi-XMA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Ingy d√∂t Net - CompleteShell Tab Completion for Every Program and Every Shell
https://youtu.be/11IkcJV_keo&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

James E. Keenan - Multisection When Bisection Isn't Enough to Debug a Problem
https://youtu.be/05CwdTRt6AM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

John Anderson - C'mon Git Happy
https://youtu.be/oEKXV-_o3YQ&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

John Dickhoff - Perl Glue for Millenial Hardware Design Tool Flow Automation
https://youtu.be/9QCoDda5vj4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

John Karr - Home Lab With Linux KVM Stack
https://youtu.be/Dl4tpStOKyg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

John Karr - Whole Home Audio Pulsecast
https://youtu.be/6JWGXdQdVi4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

M. Scott Ford - Building a Bridge to a Legacy Application
https://youtu.be/SO3RfVnbXJg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Nicolas R. - Overriding Perl OPs With XS
https://youtu.be/2YMWDjkVJ2g&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Will Braswell - The State of the Scallion Address
https://youtu.be/NyphRo5roV0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk Randal Schwartz - What's up With Dart and Flutter
https://youtu.be/gCnfgRVWW6U&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] Chad Granum - GotoFile - A Batshit Crazy Idea!
https://youtu.be/LLCPbw0bWHk&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] Chris Nandor - Slash Taming the Beast (2001)
https://youtu.be/q0DFMrCcuPM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] D. Ruth Holloway - Remodeling a Resource
https://youtu.be/cpW-he_cLgc&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] Dave Rolsky - Memories from YAPCNA 2002
https://youtu.be/qxiinYe8t8w&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] James E. Keenan - An Index of Incivility in the Perl Community
https://youtu.be/YrB1vXT7ans&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] John Anderson - Digging in the Dirt
https://youtu.be/cJmLi3clFkk&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] Josh Rabinowitz - REDUX Indexing and Retrieving Data with Perl and SWISH-E
https://youtu.be/xr7FforJwOs&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] Kenta Sato - Perl5 VS JSON
https://youtu.be/PxDNJCATCfA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] R. Geoffrey Avery - Conference history as told by name tags and The Gong
https://youtu.be/ZoNAQfy7erc&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] Randal Schwartz - 'Reducing Business Risk Using Perl' from YAPC 1999
https://youtu.be/cBAM03Qu4tk&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] Steve Scaffidi - Wake Me Up (Because I'm On-Call)
https://youtu.be/yEHH7L9cexM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] Timm and Dawn Murray - Quilting Perl Together
https://youtu.be/LIBoJ4T4X1c&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] Walt Mankowski - A Practical Application of QuantumSuperpositions
https://youtu.be/-k0-pjV2Zms&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm
Videos 26-50