
Contributing to Open-Source Projects as a New Python Developer How to Do It
https://youtu.be/jTTf4oLkvaM&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP0Q5paDs_JsZJaXXLjhhi_A

Do I Need a GitHubGitLabBitbucket Profile as a Developer
https://youtu.be/9bTJuTMQtpA&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP0Q5paDs_JsZJaXXLjhhi_A

How to Build Your Public Speaking Skills as a Developer
https://youtu.be/X-i6KYlUN_w&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP0Q5paDs_JsZJaXXLjhhi_A

How to Get Your 1st Speaking Gig at a Tech Conference
https://youtu.be/0-BkCkAiso8&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP0Q5paDs_JsZJaXXLjhhi_A

Introducing large-type.com ‚Äì A Utility Website
https://youtu.be/EHaH3dO1YH4&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP0Q5paDs_JsZJaXXLjhhi_A

Job Security as a Python Developer What If Python Goes Away üòüüêç
https://youtu.be/HL_HOeN_oHo&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP0Q5paDs_JsZJaXXLjhhi_A

Learn Coding as an Absolute Beginner Where to Start ü§î
https://youtu.be/NWIkWv66yAU&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP0Q5paDs_JsZJaXXLjhhi_A

My Experience at PyCon 2017 in Portland
https://youtu.be/LjfW0MWm-Z4&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP0Q5paDs_JsZJaXXLjhhi_A

My Experience at PyCon Germany 2016 ‚Äì Day 1
https://youtu.be/mXr4x6Gk7KY&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP0Q5paDs_JsZJaXXLjhhi_A

pep8.org ‚Äî The Prettiest Way to View the PEP 8 Python Style Guide
https://youtu.be/Hwckt4J96dI&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP0Q5paDs_JsZJaXXLjhhi_A

Programmer Portfolio ‚Äì Example and Walkthrough
https://youtu.be/03r2WEew7Gc&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP0Q5paDs_JsZJaXXLjhhi_A

Pylint Tutorial ‚Äì How to Write Clean Python
https://youtu.be/fFY5103p5-c&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP0Q5paDs_JsZJaXXLjhhi_A

Python Function Argument Unpacking Tutorial ( and  Operators)
https://youtu.be/YWY4BZi_o28&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP0Q5paDs_JsZJaXXLjhhi_A

Reading Hacker News Without Wasting Tons of Time
https://youtu.be/iRUyEDvaF78&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP0Q5paDs_JsZJaXXLjhhi_A

Setting Up a Programmer PortfolioDeveloper Blog ‚Äì How To Get Started
https://youtu.be/wqpBeGeOMgM&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP0Q5paDs_JsZJaXXLjhhi_A

The Object-oriented Version of Spaghetti Code is Lasagna Code !
https://youtu.be/XrIjEponeeU&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP0Q5paDs_JsZJaXXLjhhi_A

What Code Should I Put On My GitHubGitLabBitBucket Profile
https://youtu.be/taABwDmGvuo&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP0Q5paDs_JsZJaXXLjhhi_A

What Python Projects Should I Build to Get a Job
https://youtu.be/p-89r5QvQvQ&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP0Q5paDs_JsZJaXXLjhhi_A

üêçüéì Algorithms and Data Structures Knowledge to Get a Python Job
https://youtu.be/BnyKBf9BwJE&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP0Q5paDs_JsZJaXXLjhhi_A

üíª 2017 Apple MacBook Pro 13 ‚Äî Review for Software Developers
https://youtu.be/z9V3giX_Brc&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP0Q5paDs_JsZJaXXLjhhi_A
Developer Tips