
A 30-year history of the future  Nicholas Negroponte
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5b5BDoddOLA&list=

A roadmap to end aging  Aubrey de Grey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8iYpxRXlboQ&list=

Beware, fellow plutocrats, the pitchforks are coming  Nick Hanauer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2gO4DKVpa8&list=

Bran Ferren To create for the ages, let's combine art and engineering
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qT3RpaBlJo&list=

Charles Robertson Africa's next boom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K-P7Hv_Zwg&list=

Chris Kluwe How augmented reality will change sports ... and build empathy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AgMOJC5R4F8&list=

Dambisa Moyo Is China the new idol for emerging economies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Q2aznfmcYU&list=

Dan Berkenstock The world is one big dataset. Now, how to photograph it ...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pVPmmwSeJQ&list=

Danny Hillis Back to the future (of 1994)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdg4mU-wuhI&list=

Erik Brynjolfsson The key to growth Race with the machines
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sod-eJBf9Y0&list=

Gavin Schmidt The emergent patterns of climate change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JrJJxn-gCdo&list=

Hendrik Poinar Bring back the woolly mammoth!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8e8Ttfz-pY&list=

Henry Evans and Chad Jenkins Meet the robots for humanity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCIukWXmlV4&list=

Ian Goldin Navigating our global future
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KuWXfjyGhk0&list=

James Lyne Everyday cybercrime -- and what you can do about it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fSErHToV8IU&list=

Jeff Speck The walkable city
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wai4ub90stQ&list=

Juan Enriquez Your online life, permanent as a tattoo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fu1C-oBdsMM&list=

Keller Rinaudo A mini robot -- powered by your phone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQEEMpzPZlY&list=

Kevin Kelly The next 5,000 days of the web
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDYCf4ONh5M&list=

Kirk Citron And now, the real news
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B0cphH1jkQI&list=

Larry Burns Reinventing the car
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zw7zA-RV5yE&list=

Leather and meat without killing animals  Andras Forgacs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gXq1ml6B1E&list=

Marco Annunziata Welcome to the age of the industrial internet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QBDShp6U7tU&list=

Martin Rees Can we prevent the end of the world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tMSU6k5-WXg&list=

Michael Green Why we should build wooden skyscrapers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xi_PD5aZT7Q&list=

Molly Stevens A new way to grow bone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fYUaWgVF2XA&list=

Nicholas Negroponte 5 predictions, in 1984
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vc8Ks6KOySg&list=

Paul Kemp-Robertson Bitcoin. Sweat. Tide. Meet the future of branded currency.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cb-ts8fUhB8&list=

Rainer Strack The surprising workforce crisis of 2030 — and how to start solving it now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ux1GxExRUUY&list=

Ray Kurzweil Get ready for hybrid thinking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVXQUItNEDQ&list=

Rob Hopkins Transition to a world without oil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8meWY0W40OA&list=

Robert Gordon The death of innovation, the end of growth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYHd7rpOTe8&list=

Rodney Brooks Why we will rely on robots
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nA-J0510Pxs&list=

Sarah Jones What does the future hold 11 characters offer quirky answers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YlmZkY1uqXM&list=

Sheryl Sandberg So we leaned in ... now what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YraU52j3y8s&list=

Sir Martin Rees Earth in its final century
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qF26MbYgOA&list=

Steve Howard Let's go all-in on selling sustainability
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buH_vs7LFzw&list=

Steve Ramirez and Xu Liu A mouse. A laser beam. A manipulated memory.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXo3qA9V3eI&list=

Stewart Brand Building a home for the Clock of the Long Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tq000rAZBMc&list=

Taylor Wilson My radical plan for small nuclear fission reactors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HL1BEC024g&list=

The emergence of 4D printing  Skylar Tibbits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gMCZFHv9v8&list=

The interspecies Internet An idea in progress...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wGMLhaa98GI&list=

The next species of human  Juan Enriquez
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNcLKbJs3xk&list=

The surprising thing I learned sailing solo around the world  Dame Ellen MacArthur
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ooIxHVXgLbc&list=

The wonderful and terrifying implications of computers that can learn  Jeremy Howard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4kyRyKyOpo&list=

Tim Berners-Lee A Magna Carta for the web
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCplocVemjo&list=

Why the buildings of the future will be shaped by ... you  Marc Kushner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hha0NsYXS5c&list=
What does the future look like