
Exploding Pocket Huts That You Can Carry
https://youtu.be/da_1C9G0Tzg

S3 Demo for Steam, and no this isn't pigeon hunting simulator
https://youtu.be/i4sIMr560CA

Upcoming Chapter 7 Exploding Barrels
https://youtu.be/4AU8dyKJCEc

[102] Gun Apply Damage - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/Vsj7WZxrzr8

[103] Gun Animator - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/mgGYgL4aosU

[104] Gun Sounds - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/1VKV2otFKGI

[105] Gun Ammo and Reload Part 1 - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/GnP0OOJy2Iw

[106] Gun Ammo and Reload Part 2 - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/qkQaz-2CUVY

[107] Gun Ammo UI - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/8cYvQk-u-3k

[108] Gun Reset - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/t3uvwoDYwiI

[109] Gun Dynamic Crosshair - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/ENxzjaHDUzY

[110] Gun Burst Fire Indicator - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/g3Wztoxl5Hk

[111] Gun Apply Force - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/uwQ638tjfUQ

[112] Setup Another Gun - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/bubbwgWa0MI

[113] Intro To Chapter 7 - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/2LPJrmpjp1o

[114] Download Barrel Assets - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/8C1kLcPWyzY

[115] Setup Barrel Item - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/xd6q6jcvCzk

[116] Destructible Master - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/q0YsZgoqdtk

[117] Destructible Health - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/XtwfqM_OmBI

[118] Destructible Take Damage - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/tz2zVOTpauk

[119] Destructible Explode - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/877v96BfDzU

[120] Destructible Particle Spawn - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/Jjri55uYaNg

[121] Destructible Sound - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/xs89cOb5dcY

[122] Destructible Collision Detection - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/HdHiUtX4mVw

[123] Destructible Low Health Effect - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/7R901gZx4lw
Videos 151-175