
Caching - Code Efficiency Tut
https://youtu.be/sKZJRXMJL30

Defender's Sky - Flight
https://youtu.be/q46q_ZOv4bs

GTGD S1 More Than A Gamer
https://youtu.be/Xb1J-fFeSM4

GTGD S2 Built Prototype
https://youtu.be/d2DonXf9lKw

GTGD S2 Is Complete
https://youtu.be/dxmdp8uMk8s

GTGD S2 Just One Dev
https://youtu.be/zLSSkUWcvFU

Guild Commander
https://youtu.be/FKz7Ieart_I

Lessons Learnt Being on Steam
https://youtu.be/9ceLHrHryrM

Let's Play Guild Commander!
https://youtu.be/vOZeE1rg_FY

MonoDevelop Options
https://youtu.be/qZKpdj870tY

Romtha - Jeremy's WIP Game
https://youtu.be/wjHeCbs_v7E

S3 - Unity 5 Tutorials In Development Video 1
https://youtu.be/pNUsVNwAdZE

UNET Part 1 - Setup and Movement Syncing
https://youtu.be/NLnzlwCRjgc

UNET Part 10 - Player Destruction!
https://youtu.be/3OKvGiGzdx8

UNET Part 11 - Player Resurrection
https://youtu.be/eSWuQhW3J-4

UNET Part 12 - Zombies!
https://youtu.be/7Kk1D4v3vIg

UNET Part 13 - Zombie Identity
https://youtu.be/AjKkBsR0yS4

UNET Part 2 - Rotation Syncing
https://youtu.be/PVUT6SR70wg

UNET Part 3 - Being a bit more efficient
https://youtu.be/61KVmlwGDJY

UNET Part 4 - Latency Simulation!
https://youtu.be/CdbzZSHPN4E

UNET Part 5 - Almost Time Travel!
https://youtu.be/mIeQhEhi1QQ

UNET Part 6 - Efficient Rotation Syncing
https://youtu.be/hgIByCgvq48

UNET Part 7 - Unique Identity
https://youtu.be/eKkE7ki0XbA

UNET Part 8 - Shooting
https://youtu.be/_u_0IphF33o

UNET Part 9 - Taking Damage!
https://youtu.be/R14oxS3IY3A
Videos 301-325