
10 things you didn't know about orgasm  Mary Roach
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jx0dTYUO5E&list=

Brain magic  Keith Barry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GigYWy2UmOY&list=

Do schools kill creativity  Sir Ken Robinson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iG9CE55wbtY&list=

Hans Rosling Debunking third-world myths with the best stats you've ever seen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RUwS1uAdUcI&list=

How great leaders inspire action  Simon Sinek
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qp0HIF3SfI4&list=

Lightning calculation and other mathemagic  Arthur Benjamin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4vqr3_ROIk&list=

My stroke of insight  Jill Bolte Taylor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UyyjU8fzEYU&list=

Questioning the universe  Stephen Hawking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjBIsp8mS-c&list=

Robots that fly ... and cooperate  Vijay Kumar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ErEBkj_3PY&list=

Robyn Stein DeLuca The good news about PMS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aI8KiPiVLyY&list=

Steve Jobs' 2005 Stanford Commencement Address
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UF8uR6Z6KLc&list=

The power of vulnerability  Brené Brown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCvmsMzlF7o&list=

The puzzle of motivation  Dan Pink
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrkrvAUbU9Y&list=

The thrilling potential of SixthSense technology  Pranav Mistry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YrtANPtnhyg&list=

Underwater astonishments  David Gallo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVvn8dpSAt0&list=

Unveiling game-changing wearable tech  Pattie Maes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZ-VjUKAsao&list=

Unveiling the genius of multi-touch interface design  Jeff Han
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ac0E6deG4AU&list=

Why are we happy Why aren't we happy  Dan Gilbert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTO_dZUvbJA&list=

Why we laugh  Sophie Scott
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxLRv0FEndM&list=

Wii remote hacks  Johnny Lee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgKCrGvShZs&list=

Your elusive creative genius  Elizabeth Gilbert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86x-u-tz0MA&list=
The 20 Most-Watched TEDTalks