
Alexander Hendorf - Explaining AI to Managers ðŸ‘¨?ðŸ’¼ðŸ¤–ðŸ‘©?ðŸ’¼
https://youtu.be/YKEuaN4CWU0&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Alexys Jacob - How we run GraphQL APIs in production on our Kubernetes cluster
https://youtu.be/CRf7HS_iflU&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Anastasiia Tymoshchuk - The Agile comedy from hell to paradise
https://youtu.be/UmeK-yOc1Mo&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Andrey Vlasovskikh - The Story of Features Coming in Python 3.8 and Beyond
https://youtu.be/L7Q698q3RUU&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Bernat Gabor - status quo of virtual environments
https://youtu.be/o1Vue9CWRxU&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Brad Miro - Deep Learning with TensorFlow 2.0
https://youtu.be/9CdCczxwuZ4&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Christian Heimes - Introduction to low-level profiling and tracing
https://youtu.be/NS8aU-Rpfvg&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Christoph Deil - Understanding Numba - the Python and Numpy compiler
https://youtu.be/UaFSnaYh2b8&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Daniele Procida - The world's cheapest, simplest plotter
https://youtu.be/Rn4X2ZgZvsk&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

EuroPython 2019 - Lightning talks on Thursday, July 11
https://youtu.be/YwJRS2Xe-Hc&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

EuroPython 2019 - Recruiting Session
https://youtu.be/HHiEQRX7nO4&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

EuroPython 2019 - Sprint Orientation
https://youtu.be/pSS3fV8DkQY&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

James Saryerwinnie - Downloading a Billion Files in Python
https://youtu.be/E_oIU4IU2W8&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Juan Santos - PEP yourself 10 PEPs you should pay attention to
https://youtu.be/yRVnTrp9dcY&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Luba Elliott  - AI in Contemporary Art
https://youtu.be/WOKskgq1x7Y&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Michele Simionato - Tips for the scientific programmer
https://youtu.be/JcdY2SxAFqY&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Miguel Grinberg - Look Ma, No HTTP!
https://youtu.be/dfe8MUdSoXs&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Mikhail Bushkov, Max Vogler - Evolving a helper script into a 180,000-lines-of-Python-code project
https://youtu.be/hlqwf6lkPj0&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Nicholas Tollervey - Tools of the Trade The Making of a Code Editor.
https://youtu.be/US0L6rjXVcQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Peter Sperl - Configuring uWSGI for Production The defaults are all wrong
https://youtu.be/3pNJDhD6v7A&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

RadosÅ‚aw Ganczarek - Code quality in Python
https://youtu.be/plAnsL8oZeM&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Stefan Behnel - Get up to speed with Cython 3.0
https://youtu.be/lxh4lsvEBhI&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Tiago Montes - Don't do this at work
https://youtu.be/gKu3AyRZ1yA&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Trapsilo Bumi - Enhancing Angklung Music Rehearsals with Python
https://youtu.be/HGcMHjzBzuw&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Victor Stinner - Python Performance Past, Present and Future
https://youtu.be/TXRPCZ7Nmh4&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW
Videos 76-100