
2020 to 2021 - Master Your Life Using Spiritual Alchemy !
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0lMfUuJDRI

Ascended Master St Germain - Connect and Receive Guidance and Support from Spirit Guide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HC0V-fYzTd4

Ascended Master St Germain - Energy Ascension Update - Triangle and The Number 3 - April 2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZWe1MOJTyw

Ascended Master St.Germain -  How do I let go of responsibilities as I awaken  - Group excerpt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tm62bk7Rwnc

Ascended Master St.Germain - 'Ego Joy vs Consciousness Joy' by Trance Channel Medium Tara Arnold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jH5rX7aBQIE

Ascended Master St.Germain - ASCENSION  ENERGY UPDATE FOR LIGHTWORKERS February 2019 Tara Arnold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ROOZOQfuco

Ascended Master St.Germain - Channeled How The Ego Tricks Us Into Feeling Fear   Imprisonment  2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xOvtexuPMQ

Ascended Master St.Germain - Channeled Message  Painting About Relationships March 2019 Tara Art
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gd9P1CYHMys

Ascended Master St.Germain - Channeled Message Remembering Past lifetimes  Reincarnation June 2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mwkv0AijXmM

Ascended Master St.Germain - Channeling Light Language How To Channel with Trance Channel TaraArnold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xooLa_nMMqU

Ascended Master St.Germain - Connect With The Consciousness Of Money ! Channeled Message
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=naP17gXUVyY

Ascended Master St.Germain - DREAMS, WORLD ISSUES, LIGHTWORKERS and More ! 2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLYGoqBFpE8

Ascended Master St.Germain - ENERGY UPDATE LIGHTWORKERS ! HELLO NEW EARTH! Jan 21 2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EV4DQ1uJOBw

Ascended Master St.Germain - Gives A Group Medium Reading For You As You Watch Video - Feb 6 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbqniyhw9y8

Ascended Master St.Germain - Gives A Group Medium Reading For You As You Watch Video January 17 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yes2En7Fqq4

Ascended Master St.Germain - How Does A Bully Awaken  St.Germain on Bullying - channelled message
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTgJBE3_eKE

Ascended Master St.Germain - How YOU Can Channel St Germain and The Ascended Masters !
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EeqwCK-e3nE

Ascended Master St.Germain - TRUST YOUR KNOWING Group Session with Tara Arnold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWyed3OE6C0

Ascended Master St.Germain - VIOLET TRANSMUTING FLAME - Trance Medium Tara Arnold 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yoiigBfrDII

Ascended Master St.Germain - What is Medical Intuitive Healing Session Trance Medium Tara Arnold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9_FVOrZyN0

Ascended Master St.Germain - WHAT IS YOUR TRUTH   Live Your Truth  - Trance  medium Tara Arnold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GjD4prRTV8U

Channeled Message - Finding Your Passion - Tips From St.Germain - Oct 16 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLRWHBVSCEA

Channeled message - How To Create Your Own Reality - 3rd Dimension To 5th Dimension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRUVY-T6QT8

Channeled Message - Solfeggio Frequencies and Increasing Your Intuition - March 16 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ie7kX1n1FKg

Channeled Message - You Are Ready To Step into the spotlight ! January 23 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9ZqvqO8h30

Channelled Message -  Abundance and Manifesting in 5D - With Erin and Tara !
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOi0SUH6kIQ

Channelled Message -  Attachments and Identities channelled by Trance Medium Tara Arnold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwDVBQYPr2s

Channelled Message -  EMPATH  STARSEED spirit MESSAGE ! March 12 2020 !
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yE3ycme9D-w

Channelled Message -  for 2019 - NEW PHASE FOR LIGHTWORKERS !  St.Germain -Tara Arnold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQWQ_ZboSI0

Channelled Message -  Group Excerpt -  How can i worry less about my children  Medium Tara Arnold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oFzEKUVl8U4

Channelled Message -  Lightworkers ASCENSION - ENERGY UPDATE  The Ascended Masters December 12 2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPQXjIej6IM

Channelled Message - 'Eat Veggies or Meat' Ascended Master St.Germain channelled by Tara Arnold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eEixDtMHbLc

Channelled Message - 5d shift - How do I let go of attachments to others and still love them 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8vOtWxg3CYQ

Channelled Message - April 2020 Energy Update - WHAT'S NEXT  Lightworker Empath Starseed Ascension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_y-0uvh4gE

Channelled Message - April 2021 Energy Update - WHAT'S NEXT  Lightworker Empath Starseed Ascension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3jFKzA1jV0

Channelled Message - Ascended Master St Germain - Why Is There Illness  Illness in 3D and 5D - 2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-qY3Q4zyOI

Channelled Message - Ascended Master St.Germain - FIRST WAVE LIGHTWORKERS A NEW GAME! Energy Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldeBqg2XYsc

Channelled Message - Ascension  Energy  Update May  June 2021 - Tara Channels In The Forest!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKLG47f97jE

Channelled Message - ASCENSION  ENERGY UPDATE November 2019 ! Lightworkers It Will Get Easier !
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BSnCSjcDGqc

Channelled Message - Ascension Energy Update for July 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6r1qbnCMAA

Channelled Message - Ascension Energy Update July 13 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G908ICgSgAE

Channelled Message - August 2021 Energy Update - Ascension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TEdaQ4S_U3s

Channelled Message - Cryptocurrency - Money Consciousness - The New Earth Children
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ai_FXIr57Ow

Channelled Message - December - LIGHTWORKERS - STARSEEDS - GALACTIC LIGHT CODES GATES OPENED 21 2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFM-YvK7az0

Channelled Message - December 2020 Energy Ascension Update - Lightworkers Empaths Starseeds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mpHAWdBEso

Channelled Message - Empathy vs Sympathy - Which one are you Trance channelled by Tara Arnold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwBuYrQysTM

Channelled Message - Energy Ascension Update - January 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RrJZmNP_8Rc

Channelled Message - for COUPLES - Crystal Rune Reading from St.Germain - Valentines Day - Love 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BaRW9Gxf9mA

Channelled Message - For Parents Raising Children Of The New Earth  Indigo Crystal Rainbow Starseed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbz4uyINP-8

Channelled Message - for SINGLES - Crystal Rune Reading from St.Germain - Valentines Day - Love 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2ptNDt-ky0

Channelled Message - Gender Identity Explained - Trance Channel Medium Tara Arnold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bCsLY2ChPKY

Channelled Message - Group session Letting Go Of Ego with Trance Medium Tara Arnold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5c5aJz1Qh8Q

Channelled Message - Heart Chakra Activation - Trance channelled by Medium Tara Arnold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9Czflqcz44

Channelled Message - Hope And Strength As We Navigate The Pandemic Storm - Empath - April 10 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XGRLtzZrEhA

Channelled Message - How to Manifest Abundance - Medium Tara Arnold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W5es2L7T-uo

Channelled Message - How To Manifest Your Soul Mate - channeling Ascended Master St. Germain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QD50NKkJvUQ

Channelled Message - I AM NOT HAPPY ANYMORE WHAT IS MY PURPOSE  channelled by Tara Arnold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fm80o6KciVk

Channelled Message - Is there Treasure on Oak Island  Medium Tara Arnold trance channels St.Germain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHxLSNVXGiE

Channelled Message - Isolation How can Lightworkers Empaths help Humanity  Mar18 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_oT8nvpeCjE

Channelled Message - June 15 2020 - Energy Ascension Update Lightworkers - Empaths - Starseeds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ao4CohIweRs

Channelled Message - June 25 2020 - Q and A with St.Germain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uz8-2IiEm9w

Channelled Message - June 4 2020 - Ascended Master St. Germain Energy Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z28iYTIsF4Q

Channelled Message - LIGHTWORKERS - STARSEEDS - January 31  Energy  Ascension Update - 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UaKOIIfphJQ

Channelled Message - March 2020 - LIGHTWORKERS !! ENERGY  ASCENSION UPDATE !!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2tbECk4WYw

Channelled Message - March Energy Ascension Update - Natural Disasters Lightworkers Empaths Starseed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uBxSIg79lQ4

Channelled Message - May  June 2020  Energy Ascension Update - Lightworkers Empaths Starseeds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWL9EYYxuSM

Channelled Message - Medium Tara Arnold discusses how to receive messages from spiritual guides
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IeB0rhduM-E

Channelled Message - Multidimensional Being - Are We All Multidimensional Consciousness 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DcDySWx86Qg

Channelled Message - Navigating Energies - Finding Hope When Wanting To Leave Planet Earth  Oct 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRxnBt5xgkM

Channelled Message - Nov 2020 - Energy Update - WHAT'S NEXT  Lightworker Empath Starseed Ascension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrNvYBN0Rl8

Channelled Message - Overcoming Addiction - The Root Cause Of Every Addiction - 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lKG4lkUOJ4Q

Channelled Message - Setting Goals in 5th dimension vs 3rd dimension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ow43O-YUvOQ

Channelled Message - SPIRITUAL PREDICTION -  This Year 2020 Perfect Vision ! Lightworker Update !
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtjvsgDX1UE

Channelled Message - St. Germain - Powerful Higher Heart Chakra Thymus Chakra Healing Balancing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B06fFDQZxK0

Channelled Message - St.Germain  ' How can I help My twin '  Trance medium Tara Arnold Group Excerpt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHcqUqtyzDU

Channelled Message - St.Germain - Do I Practice Meditation Or Not  Should I Stop Trying So Hard 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBbAyv5u8XI

Channelled Message - Stages of Spiritual Enlightenment - Awakening with the Ascended Masters - 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZSWol2kLB4

Channelled Message - Super Moon - Lunar Eclipse - Flower Moon - Astrology St. Germain - May 26 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znaO6k4uNvA

Channelled Message - Tara Arnold channels Master St .Germain as he discusses President Trump
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v72ejtWy0P4

Channelled Message - The Empowered Empath - With St.Germain - Sept 9 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEcLfhysPL8

Channelled Message - The New Earth and Multidimensional Consciousness - 5d Shift - 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GP8EZ53kHuk

Channelled Message - Viewer Questions Answered - Sept 22 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7dzr6dTF7k

Channelled Message - What Are ASCENSION SYMPTOMS  Are You Experiencing Pain 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yIdhEXwEx_I

Channelled Message - What Does Your Name Say About You  St Germain Ascended Master
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-R369isIbIA

Channelled Message - What is Spiritual Awakening  Spirituality for Beginners Tara Arnold St.Germain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=joV2gWWmZfQ

Channelled Message - WHAT IS UP WITH THE UNIVERSAL ENERGIES  Lightworker update Feb 19 2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sI89HJ-p_aA

Channelled Message - Why do we get fat - Why do we gain weight as we get older  Trance Medium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1mhN-O0ytw

Channelled Message - Why So Much Violence in 2021 - Pleiadians Lightworkers Starseeds Empaths
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ElolKbuzgJ8

Channelled Message - With Lady Portia ! St.Germain's Female Aspect - July 20 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5Mh3O_T4jw

Crown Chakra Healing - With The Ascended Masters -  Ascension Symptoms Transmuted - ego brain spine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6_Ucn7-bo4

Dark Night Of The Soul - What is it - How Do I Navigate Through it  May 20 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SrHuazO8nSg

Easy Ways To - Balance Your Chakras In 5th Dimension And Learn How To Make TARA'S CHAKRA STEW !
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5pABtSzsqA

Energy Update - How Dreams Can Assist With The Ascension  Awakening Process -Topic Tuesday - 2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_JXVeOCJwI

Finding Your Inner Child - How To love Yourself - Key To Joy - Ascended Masters Guided Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Os7x4X1er5o

Heart Chakra Symptoms -  Transmute Ascension Symptoms With The Ascended Masters - Heart - Lungs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7MQrOaE4ZuQ

Highly Sensitive Person - Empath Coping Strategies - Tips - Tricks - Treatment - Oct 20 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=guSqrY_BjO8

How Do I Quiet The Mind  December 2 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4GIZc6VESs

How To Cleanse A House Of Spirits - Tips From Ascended Master St.Germain - March 1 2020 smudging
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Us-G9XlctI

How To Muscle Test YOURSELF ( PART 4 )To Decrease Physical Pain Caused by Ascension Symptoms !
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inrZSa3AM3Q

How To Muscle Test YOURSELF (PART 3)To Get Straight A's WITHOUT Stress, Anxiety (watch part 1 & 2 )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CiybLp5O3vI

How To Muscle Test YOURSELF To Get Intuitive Answers ! ( PART 1 )  2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sLM4X7j1yPo

How To Muscle Test YOURSELF To Get Intuitive Answers ! ( PART 2 ) How Does Muscle Testing Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQDGORVgUoI

How To See an Aura in under 5 minutes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tZcNvqnBeQ

Illusions of Time - How To Easily - Move From 3 D to 5 D - December 28 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4OA0YQNd2LQ

Intuitive Abstract Art Painting Demo With Acrylic Paint April 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQMU2WPAGc4

Intuitive Artwork -  Intuitive Artist Tara Arnold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RJH-qUbPBg

Learn How to reset Your Organ Meridian Body Clock with Spiritual Alchemy ! Works For Jet Leg too !
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3oxaQeK1Oo

Lucid Dream In 3 Easy Steps ! How To - Create Your Reality While You Sleep ! Premonition Dreams
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2EnpBEqwyw

Money Abundance - LIGHTWORKERS DON'T GIVE UP HOPE ! New Chakras In 5D  Tara Arnold 2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcD9FdNh3ew

Root Chakra Opening - With The Ascended Masters -  Ascension Symptoms Transmuted - Insecurity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5OmEAPTEj0

Sacral Chakra Balancing - Transmute Ascension Symptoms With The Ascended Masters - Shame Humiliation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCVG5eHi5iY

Solar Plexus Chakra Opening Symptoms - Transmute Ascension Symptoms With The Ascended Masters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5bbI4YbglI

Spiritual Artwork -  Quick Acrylic Painting Demo by Trance channel Medium Tara Arnold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jZ7iC9Gyq1c

Spiritual Artwork - How to Channel Spiritual Art with Medium Tara Arnold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A4rTKnbyg10

Spiritual Artwork - What is a channeled painting  You Can Paint Easy ! How To Paint Intuitive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZQa-_qcUfE

Spiritual Artwork - What is a channeled painting Demo by Trance Channel Medium Tara Arnold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bb1PAt3m98U

Spiritual Artwork - What is a channelled painting Tara Arnold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YUz0MEMO4U

Spiritual Artwork - What is a intuitive artist painting   Video Demo # 2 letting go of Attachments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLlyESgu_Og

St Germain Ascended Master - explains CRYSTALS How They Work - Channelled Message
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gCsCy_V2MY

St.Germain Ascended Master -  Channeling From The Heart - Trance Channel Medium Tara Arnold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFS5BTY6GsE

St.Germain Channeling - Channeled Message - NEXT PHASE FOR LIGHTWORKERS ! Tara Arnold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSg-h_78rf0

Strange Ascension Symptoms Of Spiritual Awakening - Kundalini Energy - What Are You Experiencing 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n56y_hfGst0

Strange Ascension Symptoms Spiritual Awakening part 2 - Not Wanting To Live - But Not Wanting To Die
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_vkJ-UwtmQ

Tara Explains How She Started Channeling St.Germain - April 9 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zICnMkZjHMM

Tara Explains The Transmutation of Ascension Symptoms Videos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--3ymQTLVbE

The Healing Heart Show with Lady Nowe! Lady Nowe chats with Trance Channel Medium Tara Arnold 2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_YvK9FzIJM

Third Eye Chakra Healing - Transmute Ascension Symptoms With The Ascended Masters Headaches Migraine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L7Vzc5jq_ek

Throat Chakra Balancing - Transmute Ascension Symptoms With The Ascended Masters - Thyroid Issues
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yoBCgb-iPwc

Welcome To Our Channel !
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cEvHP3b3vU
Tara Arnold - Videos