
20 Years of Java - A Video Retrospective by Stephen Chin
https://youtu.be/pPmAm37k9Yg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

4 JVM Web Frameworks in 40 Minutes by Joe Kutner
https://youtu.be/nyz0AVIOTkI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Are You Listening by Paul AndersonGail AndersonGeertjan Wielenga
https://youtu.be/2Y6kAI6cu64&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Ask the JDK Architects by Mark ReinholdAlan BatemanRobert FieldStuart Marks
https://youtu.be/7vvx505mu3s&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Back to BASICS - Back-pressured Asynchronous Scalable Immutable Composable Streams by Viktor Klang
https://youtu.be/v3msiBIny6s&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Building modern DSLs in Groovy by CÃ©dric Champeau
https://youtu.be/nqqGtdvPzus&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Decoding the air around you with Java and $7 hardware by Bert Jan Schrijver
https://youtu.be/fOlz0OcZPjc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Deep Learning for common mortals. by Sam Bessalah
https://youtu.be/Xd20m8yQR80&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Dockerism at Atlassian A million deaths by Nicola Paolucci
https://youtu.be/YY78fYvihQE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Everything You Need to Know to Grow Open Source by Dan Allen
https://youtu.be/Ih4_x5hp45Y&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Fixing performance problems with someone else's toolbox by Mike Croft
https://youtu.be/9DzzeJyh3H0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Getting Ready for Angular2 by Davy Engone
https://youtu.be/AlsiHFlqyuI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

How to fail at benchmarking by Pierre Laporte
https://youtu.be/gQ6LEbjhVr4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Java EE Security API by Jean-Louis Monteiro
https://youtu.be/TivynzrVZ0c&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Keynote session by Mark Reinhold
https://youtu.be/l1s7R85GF1A&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Looking good Typography and programming languages by Michael Wiedeking
https://youtu.be/m8tyv7W2xpQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

MongoDB and Java8 by Norberto Leite
https://youtu.be/y0aBX7B2Mu0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

New Concurrency Models on the JVM Fibres, Verticles, Agents and Actors. by Lutz Huehnken
https://youtu.be/EMv_8dxSqdE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Patterns of resilience - the untold stories of robust software design by Uwe Friedrichsen
https://youtu.be/T9MPDmw6MNI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Project Jigsaw Under the Hood by Mark ReinholdAlan Bateman
https://youtu.be/UKC0uC7QUkI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Six principles for building fault tolerant microservices on the JVM by Christopher Batey
https://youtu.be/dKWNZnuZhd0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

The never-ending REST API design debate by Guillaume Laforge
https://youtu.be/48azd2VqtP0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

The Silver Bullet Syndrome by Hadi Hariri
https://youtu.be/3wyd6J3yjcs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Towards a rebirth of Data Science by Andy PetrellaXavier Tordoir
https://youtu.be/QTG66OZsbdo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Why Clojure  by Vijay Kiran
https://youtu.be/SLRSOyR47Ro&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb
Videos 101-125