
10,000 Java performance tips over 15 years - what did I learn by Jack Shirazi
https://youtu.be/OYpTn0nWKR4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

A Phoenix Project War Story by Burr Sutter
https://youtu.be/Ao87epknEbw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

An introduction to Kotlin by example by Dmitry Kandalov
https://youtu.be/pjC8C1xid3k&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Angular and RxJS by Stephen Fluin
https://youtu.be/aYurQaN3RoE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Ask the architect with Mark Reinhold and Dan Hardiker
https://youtu.be/ac1v5kF_FGs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Constructing a practical quantum computer by Winfried K. Hensinger
https://youtu.be/uHw6ikgknXQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Donâ€™t believe everything you learn by Michael Heap
https://youtu.be/iZO0Y_h-5bM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Eclipse MicroProfile Enterprise Java Microservices, one year on
https://youtu.be/Z2lEzhTdsKw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Evolutionary Architecture by Patrick Kua
https://youtu.be/iDYAtys2oK0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

From Monolith to Microservices with the help of Hazelcast by Will May
https://youtu.be/82mgDiT_qzM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

From Tic Tac Toe to AlphaGo Playing games with AI and machine learning by Roy van Rijn
https://youtu.be/yMRuYeOLf0o&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Geek's Guide to Leading Teams by Patrick Kua
https://youtu.be/a_IYL_aU7HQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Modules in One Lesson by Mark Reinhold
https://youtu.be/rFhhLXcOBsk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Quickstart Hibernate OGM to tame an Infinispan distributed keyvalue store by Sanne Grinovero
https://youtu.be/8D8BfAaLsw0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Reactive Spring by Josh Long
https://youtu.be/EDB24onZxsA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Real World Java 9 by Trisha Gee
https://youtu.be/GkP83hvdeMk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Sencha Ext JS - a framework for building enterprise data-intensive web applications by Olga Petrova
https://youtu.be/fKsFq0JpIp4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Serverless Not so FaaS! by Matt Stine
https://youtu.be/e59pTjaVPCs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

The DevOps Superpattern by Helen Beal
https://youtu.be/B_dKLgEIebA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

The Pluralsight Experience From both sides! by Koffi Alain Sessi & Antonio Goncalves
https://youtu.be/bJ9rscNltBs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

The Symphony of Leadership by Heather Wilde
https://youtu.be/jC0IRN6jd-0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

This is Devoxx UK by Mark Hazell & Holly Cummins
https://youtu.be/Xd6qny41mEk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Using sagas to maintain data consistency in a microservice architecture by Chris Richardson
https://youtu.be/YPbGW3Fnmbc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Video games The quest for smart dumbness by Laurent Victorino
https://youtu.be/SHBUE5rNiJY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

ðŸš€ An ultrasonic adventure! by Hubert SablonniÃ¨re
https://youtu.be/O447hZomoT0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT
Videos 1-25