
RubyConf AU 2014 A Big Look at MiniTest by Mark Bates
https://youtu.be/nbUYbzS7Vlg&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc1jTSURVicc5xrt6am7UxR1

RubyConf AU 2014 An Ode to 17 Databases in 39 minutes by Toby Hede
https://youtu.be/j1unEPBMjRM&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc1jTSURVicc5xrt6am7UxR1

RubyConf AU 2014 Ansible - Your First Step Into Server Provisioning by Ben Turner
https://youtu.be/KFn8isYw97g&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc1jTSURVicc5xrt6am7UxR1

RubyConf AU 2014 Becoming a Software Engineer by Kinsey Ann Durham
https://youtu.be/mbBJWRZD5pQ&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc1jTSURVicc5xrt6am7UxR1

RubyConf AU 2014 Building C Extensions in Ruby by Andr√© Medeiros
https://youtu.be/KZgovmyB8d8&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc1jTSURVicc5xrt6am7UxR1

RubyConf AU 2014 Continuous Deployment with Rails by Sebastian von Conrad
https://youtu.be/lcyp3MKYRhY&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc1jTSURVicc5xrt6am7UxR1

RubyConf AU 2014 Hacking Sidekiq for Fun and Profit by Darcy Laycock
https://youtu.be/MimELPl9J9c&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc1jTSURVicc5xrt6am7UxR1

RubyConf AU 2014 How I Architected My Big Rails App For Success by Benjamin Smith
https://youtu.be/1gXmh528o84&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc1jTSURVicc5xrt6am7UxR1

RubyConf AU 2014 Learning from Smalltalk by Sasha Gerrand
https://youtu.be/cBe-VnHMaUo&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc1jTSURVicc5xrt6am7UxR1

RubyConf AU 2014 Lightning Talks
https://youtu.be/YGe3Vn7lHyo&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc1jTSURVicc5xrt6am7UxR1

RubyConf AU 2014 Modern Concurrency Practices in Ruby by Arnab Deka
https://youtu.be/Foq_F94E1Ho&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc1jTSURVicc5xrt6am7UxR1

RubyConf AU 2014 MRI Magic Tricks by Charlie Somerville
https://youtu.be/3ROuTjbdkPk&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc1jTSURVicc5xrt6am7UxR1

RubyConf AU 2014 Outcome Oriented Security by Eleanor Saitta
https://youtu.be/f4sVHdb4ik4&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc1jTSURVicc5xrt6am7UxR1

RubyConf AU 2014 Rails Asset Pipeline Defunct or Da Funk by Samuel Cochran
https://youtu.be/J1WrRyrDk34&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc1jTSURVicc5xrt6am7UxR1

RubyConf AU 2014 Real Developers Ship (a.k.a Tenets for Software Delivery) by Sebastian von Conrad
https://youtu.be/z7TbxlCTv3Y&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc1jTSURVicc5xrt6am7UxR1

RubyConf AU 2014 Rescuing Ruby by Greg Brockman
https://youtu.be/VeoYIE370XY&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc1jTSURVicc5xrt6am7UxR1

RubyConf AU 2014 Standing on the Shoulders of Giants by Zachary Scott
https://youtu.be/gNUy2ZULQcQ&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc1jTSURVicc5xrt6am7UxR1

RubyConf AU 2014 State of JRuby 2014 by Hiro Asari
https://youtu.be/QEuUQLl5I-Y&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc1jTSURVicc5xrt6am7UxR1

RubyConf AU 2014 Tales of Interest by Jon Rowe
https://youtu.be/EC1dY-nKTYY&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc1jTSURVicc5xrt6am7UxR1

RubyConf AU 2014 Teach Your Way To Better Code by Felix Clack
https://youtu.be/oRGpWUPYiwk&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc1jTSURVicc5xrt6am7UxR1

RubyConf AU 2014 The Golden Age of the Internet by Pat Allan
https://youtu.be/UAVtX0yKFSo&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc1jTSURVicc5xrt6am7UxR1

RubyConf AU 2014 The Parental Programmer by Amanda Wagener
https://youtu.be/yxWTCKsVymg&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc1jTSURVicc5xrt6am7UxR1

RubyConf AU 2014 Using Ruby to Automate Your Life by Seth Vargo
https://youtu.be/R_qFzviMkGY&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc1jTSURVicc5xrt6am7UxR1

RubyConf AU 2014 What it is you really do by Cameron Barrie
https://youtu.be/Yh3pLUu-cx0&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc1jTSURVicc5xrt6am7UxR1

RubyConf AU 2014 Why I am excited about Ruby 2.1 by Sam Saffron
https://youtu.be/kici_QRQbOM&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc1jTSURVicc5xrt6am7UxR1
Videos 1-25