
A Wrinkle in Time  Things To Know Before You Go
https://youtu.be/O6BhS2AXeTo&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Best Foreign Language Mashup (2018) - Oscar-Nominated Movies
https://youtu.be/ZB0xtzwO_HI&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Black Panther Easter Eggs & Fun Facts  Rotten Tomatoes
https://youtu.be/Rq6OPiSf7bE&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Charlize Theron's Five Favorite Films  Rotten Tomatoes
https://youtu.be/O-xPQge7U8w&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Date Night in Wakanda - Black Panther (2018) Interview  All Access
https://youtu.be/AWkyjVZunn4&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Fifty Shades Freed  Why Go
https://youtu.be/9MThqSfloGM&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Guessing Dumb U.S. Laws with the Cast - Gringo (2018) Interview  All Access


Letitia Wright as Shuri in 'Black Panther'  Scene Stealers
https://youtu.be/9cw1Izh-OJQ&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Now In Theaters 50 Shades Freed, The 1517 to Paris, Peter Rabbit  Weekend Ticket


Now In Theaters A Wrinkle in Time, Gringo, The Hurricane Heist  Weekend Ticket


Now In Theaters Annihilation, Game Night, Every Day  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/gdoPGRQX5f4&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Now In Theaters Black Panther, Samson, Early Man  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/tzCKj9iTX0M&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Now In Theaters Death Wish, Red Sparrow, Submission  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/J66nWxO5PUs&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Oscar Predictions Best Director  Alicia's Picks
https://youtu.be/civAR2mQYEQ&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Oscar Predictions Best Picture  Alicia's Picks
https://youtu.be/p_q1Q8pNO9g&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Oscar Predictions Lead Actor and Actress  Alicia's Picks
https://youtu.be/8rIyU7UH72g&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Risk Takers with Ava DuVernay  Rotten Tomatoes
https://youtu.be/o4x28mONCIo&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Stripping Down For the Camera - Red Sparrow (2018) Interview  All Access
https://youtu.be/E2sBOnKqRqg&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

The 'Black Panther' Cast on Celebrity Fans and That One-Take Fight Scene (2018)  Rotten Tomatoes


The Cloverfield Paradox Easter Eggs & Fun Facts  Rotten Tomatoes
https://youtu.be/otVS-AWn9nM&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

The Evolution of Female Roles - Annihilation (2018) Interview  All Access
https://youtu.be/GkAGYVqilZ0&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

The Power of Lara Croft - Tomb Raider (2018) Interview  All Access
https://youtu.be/vtkHNKV59XA&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

The Power of Silence - A Quiet Place (2018) Interview  All Access @ SXSW 2018


Thoroughbreds, Midnighters, I, Tonya  Alicia's Picks
https://youtu.be/XI-5PVebQL4&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Why Go.  Black Panther
https://youtu.be/W5cOTLgUQbs&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix
Videos 1376-1400