
Drifting Ruby Code Base  Gource
https://youtu.be/puDoWyfJwys&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #091 - Custom Error Pages with Slack Notification
https://youtu.be/HJC2SZOujd8&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #092 - Restricting Access by IP Address
https://youtu.be/NYg-OqZmfwo&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #093 - Recurring Events with ice_cube
https://youtu.be/U_ZctS3AtEg&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #094 - Recurring Events on FulCalendar
https://youtu.be/xs7zA-z2NzE&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #095 - ActiveRecord Migrations
https://youtu.be/BjvamO2KHA0&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #096 - Auditing with Paper Trail
https://youtu.be/DZWyyc8q9m8&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #097 - Single Table Inheritance
https://youtu.be/2fH_V91b0H4&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #098 - Polymorphic Associations
https://youtu.be/qF51M95YnaA&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #099 - Creating a Basic Ruby Gem
https://youtu.be/wYc9HYUAoCQ&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #100 - Basic Testing Introduction in Rails
https://youtu.be/jQvB0QWe5Bs&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #101 - Testing with RSpec
https://youtu.be/71eKcNxwxVY&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #102 - Feature Testing with Capybara
https://youtu.be/1kwCymmoLaY&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #103 - Sample Data with Factory Bot and Faker
https://youtu.be/x2qapy3s6Tg&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #104 - Speeding Up Tests
https://youtu.be/5xbAD6zKAOs&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #108 - Tracking Errors with Sentry
https://youtu.be/n5hWUD2CXd8&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #113 - Ruby on Rails 5.2.0 Changes and New Features
https://youtu.be/Obd9nFWhlWE&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #118 - Ruby on Rails Tips and Tricks
https://youtu.be/j9bYzwqNHF0&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #123 - Encrypted Credentials in Rails 5.2
https://youtu.be/ypzj0tjU4Ho&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #127 - ActiveRecord Tricks
https://youtu.be/1ZkwvPMiq4Q&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #132 - Ruby on Rails Development on Microsoft Windows 10
https://youtu.be/j3AQhqXCuAo&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #136 - User Notifications
https://youtu.be/6HYi_VUuegM&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #140 - Editors
https://youtu.be/c7FKlz3C5jI&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #145 - Improving Partial Loading Performance
https://youtu.be/fP4zMF6lRDM&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #149 - Rails Presenters
https://youtu.be/_MLqWy81Kkc&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP
Videos 51-75