
10. How to program in C# - CLASSES - Beginner Tutorial
https://youtu.be/s2hHjpZaSyI

11. How to program in C# - INHERITANCE - Beginner Tutorial
https://youtu.be/EiBCF7rYRtI

12. How to program in C# - ENUMS - Beginner Tutorial
https://youtu.be/ETy3x4XeK9E

13. How to program in C# - PROPERTIES - Beginner Tutorial
https://youtu.be/gvQziNULkdY

14. 2D Platformer - ENEMY AI 23 - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/ysszoiiCXKQ

14. 2D Platformer - ENEMY AI 33 - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/3PS1U3lFl3M

15. How to make a 2D Platformer - ENEMIES - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/eVbfgSt7hAQ

16. How to make a 2D Platformer - UNITY 5 - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/VgST0U3R4ME

17. How to make a 2D Platformer - SHOOTING GFX - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/UGHdH6OzSjU

18. How to make a 2D Platformer - CAMERA SHAKE - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/Y8nOgEpnnXo

18. Unity Tutorial, ENEMIES - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/-igoV67B5h8

19. How to make a 2D Platformer - ENEMY GUI - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/NF20uViS3lE

19. Unity Tutorial, ENEMIES V2 - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/Lah76V16cGI

20. How to make a 2D Platformer - ENEMY ATTACK - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/BePP-jtrs9U

20. Unity Tutorial, UNITY 5 - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/beQRckZuYbA

21. Unity Tutorial, ENEMY GFX - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/ZiZVToDaQ0w

22. Unity Tutorial, DESTRUCTIBLES - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/Jibyq7eAmH0

23. Unity Tutorial, END POINTS - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/I0gKmtCYM8I

24. Unity Tutorial, FINISHING UP - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/DOXGPwYVS0I

8. How to program in C# - METHODS - Beginner Tutorial
https://youtu.be/QwygwfqOHsI

9. How to program in C# - ARRAYS - Beginner Tutorial
https://youtu.be/RQ0JHMGiobo

Get up to speed with Unity 5 - Tutorial
https://youtu.be/6eVfcEYxBPg

How to make a Wave Spawner in Unity 5 - Part 12
https://youtu.be/Vrld13ypX_I

How to setup Visual Studio with Unity - Tutorial
https://youtu.be/2PVPz8Pnnrw

UPA Toolkit - Pixel Art Editor for Unity! (FREE)
https://youtu.be/sVbbT0sIqsI
Videos 326-350