
Accelerating MATLAB Application Development Using Stateflow
https://youtu.be/D0nQuJkJ0-M&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p-wNaS4A7D5VsIVdtqlN-7

Activity Profiler in Stateflow
https://youtu.be/xw8va2xOHfg&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p-wNaS4A7D5VsIVdtqlN-7

Allocating Architectures of a Tire Pressure Monitoring System in System Composer
https://youtu.be/ZHTwhn2QSto&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p-wNaS4A7D5VsIVdtqlN-7

Component-Based Modeling in Simulink
https://youtu.be/fLVmzhCltHo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p-wNaS4A7D5VsIVdtqlN-7

Configuration References
https://youtu.be/Bcg_fqZyDfk&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p-wNaS4A7D5VsIVdtqlN-7

Data Dictionary Managing and Migrating Design Data
https://youtu.be/aEWBOYZrh4g&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p-wNaS4A7D5VsIVdtqlN-7

Data-Free Parameter Pruning and Quantization
https://youtu.be/4xhRcOvHxzY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p-wNaS4A7D5VsIVdtqlN-7

Detecting Modeling Clones
https://youtu.be/rjx1gSFbfdU&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p-wNaS4A7D5VsIVdtqlN-7

Event Scheduling with the Schedule Editor
https://youtu.be/43IZqQeJBaM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p-wNaS4A7D5VsIVdtqlN-7

Keyboard-Driven Workflows in the Simulink and Stateflow Editors
https://youtu.be/8WjtgFMeEz8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p-wNaS4A7D5VsIVdtqlN-7

Managing Design Data in MATLAB and Simulink
https://youtu.be/-zMJjfukPzw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p-wNaS4A7D5VsIVdtqlN-7

MATLAB Online Server â€“ Host MATLAB Online on Your Infrastructure
https://youtu.be/x1a82LH8cJs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p-wNaS4A7D5VsIVdtqlN-7

Multi-Tool Integration Virtual Vehicle Simulation Example
https://youtu.be/MguW5aj4SZc&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p-wNaS4A7D5VsIVdtqlN-7

Multicore Embedded Design
https://youtu.be/KZc9E3Iyk7c&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p-wNaS4A7D5VsIVdtqlN-7

New Simulink Solvers for Hybrid Systems ode1be and odeN
https://youtu.be/oj19T0zPlkY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p-wNaS4A7D5VsIVdtqlN-7

Protecting Intellectual Property When Sharing Models
https://youtu.be/l8Kgc3BrhSE&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p-wNaS4A7D5VsIVdtqlN-7

Scheduling for AUTOSAR Architecture Models in Simulink
https://youtu.be/XnU91m-AMPk&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p-wNaS4A7D5VsIVdtqlN-7

Simulink for Virtual Vehicle Development
https://youtu.be/4lg44WudZLE&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p-wNaS4A7D5VsIVdtqlN-7

Simulink Lookup Tables
https://youtu.be/xSzVRvbs6bg&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p-wNaS4A7D5VsIVdtqlN-7

Simulink Online
https://youtu.be/AWpIBLwhnDM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p-wNaS4A7D5VsIVdtqlN-7

Using DDS Middleware with Simulink
https://youtu.be/8iEa-gtTXuo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p-wNaS4A7D5VsIVdtqlN-7

Using the C Caller Block to Call a C Function with a Global Variable Interface
https://youtu.be/ONrb_UYTWYs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p-wNaS4A7D5VsIVdtqlN-7

Using the C Function Block to Integrate Custom Code in Simulink
https://youtu.be/kymy8hld9cI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p-wNaS4A7D5VsIVdtqlN-7

Using the Simulink Profiler to Understand Model Execution Time
https://youtu.be/kUa422QNddw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p-wNaS4A7D5VsIVdtqlN-7

Variants in Stateflow
https://youtu.be/2zL4hUvd-fY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p-wNaS4A7D5VsIVdtqlN-7
Videos 1-25