
An Introduction to Image Classification in Python - Jose Dominguez
https://youtu.be/3PgU6or3T3A&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98rI6kyTd5_-33ckRgjUEG3

Building a Social Network Content Recommendation  Service Using Factorisation Machines - Conor Duke
https://youtu.be/9lifSPf1Y5o&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98rI6kyTd5_-33ckRgjUEG3

Building Hermetic Python Packages with Bazel @ Dropbox - Leonid Vasilyev
https://youtu.be/JXGjzzBKKDo&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98rI6kyTd5_-33ckRgjUEG3

CPython - Bytecode and Virtual Machine - Stephane Wirtel
https://youtu.be/45BhX5wSeVs&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98rI6kyTd5_-33ckRgjUEG3

Cut Your Losses! How to Use Web Scraping to Analyse Ireland's Used Car Market - Ruairi Fahy
https://youtu.be/x38wfQVVOIA&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98rI6kyTd5_-33ckRgjUEG3

Data Analysis in MRI and PETMRI Neuroimaging - Davide Poggiali
https://youtu.be/Wpwuw5nKqDs&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98rI6kyTd5_-33ckRgjUEG3

Data Science in the Balanced team - Ian Huston
https://youtu.be/WrndtgVvWXU&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98rI6kyTd5_-33ckRgjUEG3

Deep Learning With Keras - Shubhabrata Roy
https://youtu.be/NUVdyeV0rkw&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98rI6kyTd5_-33ckRgjUEG3

Experimenting with TensorFlow - Breandan Considine
https://youtu.be/eWw48_rDADk&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98rI6kyTd5_-33ckRgjUEG3

Get Your Code to do Your Job - Ronan Hayes
https://youtu.be/yVbi9RJuidY&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98rI6kyTd5_-33ckRgjUEG3

Gradient Boosting What Is It and How Can I Use It In My Machine Learning - Eoin Brazil
https://youtu.be/W7ZgagPAaxI&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98rI6kyTd5_-33ckRgjUEG3

How to Merge Noisy Datasets - Johannes Ahimann
https://youtu.be/1BjiTC5O_rc&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98rI6kyTd5_-33ckRgjUEG3

Introduction to Data Science - Dr Ana Peleteiro Ramallo
https://youtu.be/PzgbeXa0bZ8&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98rI6kyTd5_-33ckRgjUEG3

Lightning Talks
https://youtu.be/CT6Mn8UZqnY&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98rI6kyTd5_-33ckRgjUEG3

Managing Kubernetes from Python Using Kube - David Charles
https://youtu.be/Jig0LdTLkkY&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98rI6kyTd5_-33ckRgjUEG3

Mozilla & Python - Tarek Ziade
https://youtu.be/1d82EeZ9U_Y&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98rI6kyTd5_-33ckRgjUEG3

Overview of Python Web Development, from Searching to Deployment - Andrea Fagan
https://youtu.be/7GI-ohaJfto&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98rI6kyTd5_-33ckRgjUEG3

Part of Speech Tagging -  Brian Carter
https://youtu.be/lKWlsbL28vE&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98rI6kyTd5_-33ckRgjUEG3

Practical Django Debugging and Profiling - Sean O'Donnell
https://youtu.be/yOY6Qypn2WA&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98rI6kyTd5_-33ckRgjUEG3

Python for Text Analysis Kaggle Competition - John Savage
https://youtu.be/_td_w2TpQsw&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98rI6kyTd5_-33ckRgjUEG3

Sharing Knowledge in the Python Ecosystem - Humberto Corona
https://youtu.be/Lmb2J8dRqWs&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98rI6kyTd5_-33ckRgjUEG3

The Bluffer's Guide to Data Science - Paul Barry
https://youtu.be/mje6289fJ3Q&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98rI6kyTd5_-33ckRgjUEG3

The Evolution of Containerised  Testing at Demonware - James Heslin & Thomas Shaw
https://youtu.be/b6PrvsLNdK8&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98rI6kyTd5_-33ckRgjUEG3

Try, Try and Try Again - Paul Barry
https://youtu.be/IDPWEotMAXo&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98rI6kyTd5_-33ckRgjUEG3

Webscraping With Asyncio - Jose Manuel Ortega
https://youtu.be/IV-DzaOUCKc&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98rI6kyTd5_-33ckRgjUEG3
Videos 1-25