
Jetson Tegra K1 Devkit - Setting up Desktop GUI (Ubuntu 14.04)
https://youtu.be/ghqM8pzJZxg

Jetson Tegra K1 Devkit - Unboxing
https://youtu.be/oLeorJH5pOw

Python 3 Programming Tutorial  - Getting user input
https://youtu.be/ArL54Nmx9oU

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Built-in Functions
https://youtu.be/7rjJrQy9gi4

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Dictionaries
https://youtu.be/YNRc6c0wUA8

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - List Manipulation
https://youtu.be/LUoKlnK5wcc

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Lists and Tuples
https://youtu.be/RVXIBZvg-W8

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Making Modules
https://youtu.be/sKYiQLRe254

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Module Import Syntax
https://youtu.be/MZlKCdybZrA

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Multi-dimensional List
https://youtu.be/Go-FfGhxbSM

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Multi-line Print
https://youtu.be/gINlrLx2zNA

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - OS Module
https://youtu.be/wgHeTJtth0w

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Parsing Websites with re and urllib
https://youtu.be/GEshegZzt3M

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Reading from a CSV spreadsheet
https://youtu.be/K_oXb04izZM

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Regular Expressions  Regex with re
https://youtu.be/sZyAn2TW7GY

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Statistics (Mean, Standard Deviation)
https://youtu.be/D2U6yg0i-oA

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Sys Module
https://youtu.be/rLG7Tz6db0w

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Tkinter adding buttons
https://youtu.be/QPeS0TI0yNo

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Tkinter event handling
https://youtu.be/4FrQaowzIGo

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Tkinter menu bar
https://youtu.be/Ihlpgw_HYic

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - tkinter module making windows
https://youtu.be/Ccct5D2AyNM

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Try and Except error Handling
https://youtu.be/nqGhjLUhyDc

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - urllib module
https://youtu.be/5GzVNi0oTxQ

Quadcopter restraint system testing x525 flight test
https://youtu.be/T6w5s0-KdYM

Raspberry Pi camera module streaming video to another computer
https://youtu.be/JjPsW-7FUng
Videos 826-850