
Anton Caceres - How To Build a Python Microservice Without Losing a Job
https://youtu.be/uYgla2-mxMc&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Antonio Cuni - How to write a JIT compiler in 30 minutes
https://youtu.be/DKns_rH8rrg&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Daniele Procida - The world's cheapest, simplest plotter
https://youtu.be/Rn4X2ZgZvsk&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Hynek Schlawack - Maintaining a Python Project When It‚Äôs Not Your Job
https://youtu.be/os_daySYRFs&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Iulia Avram - Gamifying the study of algorithms
https://youtu.be/KDb-dW0FqZE&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Jeff Hollan  - Deploy Python to the cloud faster with Azure Serverless
https://youtu.be/Top7eYEpQSI&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Joe Drumgoole - Introduction to Python and MongoDB
https://youtu.be/VJ_d8jENWmo&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Johnny Dude - How Thinking in Python Made Me a Better Software Engineer
https://youtu.be/jGseHScYdSg&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Jon Nordby - Audio Classification with Machine Learning
https://youtu.be/QEEBNF0aeeg&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Marc-Andre Lemburg - EPS General Assembly 2019
https://youtu.be/jTy-tyFvou0&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Marc-Andre Lemburg - EuroPython 2020 Help us build the next edition!
https://youtu.be/2LQ_ytrxDEs&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Maria Molina-Contreras - ‚ÄúWhen a biologist met Python‚Äù
https://youtu.be/CHpSsVcrVME&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Mario Corchero - Exceptional Exceptions
https://youtu.be/ac5b8LyHJcQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Micha≈Ç Karzy≈Ñski - From Python script to Open Source Project
https://youtu.be/25P5apB4XWM&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Miroslav ≈†ediv√Ω - A Day Has Only 24¬±1 Hours
https://youtu.be/mHaz5laPyHE&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Nar Kumar Chhantyal - Building Data Workflows with Luigi and Kubernetes
https://youtu.be/41ubI6a3jzI&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Patrick Arminio - GraphQL in Python üçì
https://youtu.be/38uCu6ZEvfo&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Paul Everitt - Python 1994
https://youtu.be/vyz7zdGiPVY&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Paul Hughes - Building Data-Driven Client Relationship Management in Banking with Python
https://youtu.be/4KKjo9WwvVA&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Philipp Thomann - PlotVR - walk through your data
https://youtu.be/O1y96EG0bTw&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Raphael Pierzina - Advanced pytest
https://youtu.be/gJtE-anbcww&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Reuven Lerner - Practical decorators
https://youtu.be/xRxKXvYtAyI&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Ronan Lamy - Opening PyPy's magic black box
https://youtu.be/knj2-VcF2d8&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Tin Markoviƒá - Refactoring in Python
https://youtu.be/dF9ZH3_fQ-Y&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW
Videos 51-75