
10 Asciidoc Tips from Andres Almiray
https://youtu.be/dEE09B4lj3k&list=PL2ekzZZrxVUlHYIwX9CoyiRVK5Tj3nB77

Bert Jan Schrijver on Decoding the Air
https://youtu.be/ofzjb2xoz_k&list=PL2ekzZZrxVUlHYIwX9CoyiRVK5Tj3nB77

David Blevins on Java EE Connectors
https://youtu.be/KxE8N7doUwU&list=PL2ekzZZrxVUlHYIwX9CoyiRVK5Tj3nB77

David Blevins Presenting to JUG Darmstadt
https://youtu.be/5wX8RmBHMVY&list=PL2ekzZZrxVUlHYIwX9CoyiRVK5Tj3nB77

DukeScript and Duke Sewing with Toni Epple
https://youtu.be/JX4gePM0pVA&list=PL2ekzZZrxVUlHYIwX9CoyiRVK5Tj3nB77

Eberhard Wolff on Microservices
https://youtu.be/bKWqdhEAdCA&list=PL2ekzZZrxVUlHYIwX9CoyiRVK5Tj3nB77

Heather VanCura interviewing Java EE Experts
https://youtu.be/iEdyjG49zNk&list=PL2ekzZZrxVUlHYIwX9CoyiRVK5Tj3nB77

Interview with Nicolas Rigaud and NAO
https://youtu.be/E1PcAjWtXd4&list=PL2ekzZZrxVUlHYIwX9CoyiRVK5Tj3nB77

Ivar Grimstad on JMS 2.1
https://youtu.be/D61EGZbwNnc&list=PL2ekzZZrxVUlHYIwX9CoyiRVK5Tj3nB77

Java SE 8 and Java EE 7 with Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/xeSLmm0Ci64&list=PL2ekzZZrxVUlHYIwX9CoyiRVK5Tj3nB77

JUG Berlin-Brandenburg NightHacking
https://youtu.be/T3AnECbXoow&list=PL2ekzZZrxVUlHYIwX9CoyiRVK5Tj3nB77

JUG Bodensee - Putting Hypermedia back in REST
https://youtu.be/y9GmYhqV3Ds&list=PL2ekzZZrxVUlHYIwX9CoyiRVK5Tj3nB77

JUG Bodensee - RetroPi Handheld Java Gaming
https://youtu.be/KlcPtXCgzkI&list=PL2ekzZZrxVUlHYIwX9CoyiRVK5Tj3nB77

JUG Bodensee Member Interviews
https://youtu.be/fGLUjAoou0o&list=PL2ekzZZrxVUlHYIwX9CoyiRVK5Tj3nB77

JUG Dortmund NightHacking - JAX-RS
https://youtu.be/igrGLREO_cQ&list=PL2ekzZZrxVUlHYIwX9CoyiRVK5Tj3nB77

JUG Dortmund NightHacking - RetroPi
https://youtu.be/Ca3-_D2bau0&list=PL2ekzZZrxVUlHYIwX9CoyiRVK5Tj3nB77

JUG Dortmund NightHacking Intro
https://youtu.be/OAfSGdiTEL4&list=PL2ekzZZrxVUlHYIwX9CoyiRVK5Tj3nB77

JUG Hannover NightHacking
https://youtu.be/w6xr_OE9mLc&list=PL2ekzZZrxVUlHYIwX9CoyiRVK5Tj3nB77

Kirk Pepperdine on the G1 Garbage Collector
https://youtu.be/XsySaAxP-a4&list=PL2ekzZZrxVUlHYIwX9CoyiRVK5Tj3nB77

Live from JavaLand - Terminator meets Minority Report (Augmented Reality)
https://youtu.be/61X_hRvJLMo&list=PL2ekzZZrxVUlHYIwX9CoyiRVK5Tj3nB77

NightHacking Germany Tour Overview
https://youtu.be/EDVuHIEiD0M&list=PL2ekzZZrxVUlHYIwX9CoyiRVK5Tj3nB77

NightHacking with Toni Epple Audience Intro
https://youtu.be/xm674xvcyAE&list=PL2ekzZZrxVUlHYIwX9CoyiRVK5Tj3nB77

RetroPi Java Console Interview
https://youtu.be/vOx2D5llkDs&list=PL2ekzZZrxVUlHYIwX9CoyiRVK5Tj3nB77

Toni Epple on DukeScript
https://youtu.be/KnJt2LUPv68&list=PL2ekzZZrxVUlHYIwX9CoyiRVK5Tj3nB77
NightHacking Germany Tour