
Rust Linz x Global Azure, April 2021 - Ryan Levick & Thomas Taylor - Rust, Kubernetes, and the Cloud
https://youtu.be/Uqi9xwlFbEc&list=PL85XCvVPmGQgL3lqQD5ivLNLfdAdxbE_u

Rust Linz, April 2021 - Herbert Wolverson - Learning Rust with Game Development
https://youtu.be/79GyLlXAk-0&list=PL85XCvVPmGQgL3lqQD5ivLNLfdAdxbE_u

Rust Linz, April 2021 - Jan-Erik Rediger - Leveraging Rust to build cross-platform libraries
https://youtu.be/peu-rtN4358&list=PL85XCvVPmGQgL3lqQD5ivLNLfdAdxbE_u

Rust Linz, August 2020 - Rainer Stropek - Intro to Cargo
https://youtu.be/X78zccoCylA&list=PL85XCvVPmGQgL3lqQD5ivLNLfdAdxbE_u

Rust Linz, August 2020 - Ryan Levick - Why should I care about Rust
https://youtu.be/OhCjnyBc448&list=PL85XCvVPmGQgL3lqQD5ivLNLfdAdxbE_u

Rust Linz, December 2020 - Rainer Stropek - Web APIs with Rocket
https://youtu.be/2RWXeosWhAQ&list=PL85XCvVPmGQgL3lqQD5ivLNLfdAdxbE_u

Rust Linz, December 2020 - Stefan Baumgartner - The Exercist (Learning Rust Lightning Talk)
https://youtu.be/PItbLXtZ18o&list=PL85XCvVPmGQgL3lqQD5ivLNLfdAdxbE_u

Rust Linz, December 2020 - Stefan Schindler - Atomic Counters and Cache Lines
https://youtu.be/bSAIne9wSkQ&list=PL85XCvVPmGQgL3lqQD5ivLNLfdAdxbE_u

Rust Linz, February 2021 - Celia Lewis - Getting started with Open Source
https://youtu.be/P3X3J-8ICAo&list=PL85XCvVPmGQgL3lqQD5ivLNLfdAdxbE_u

Rust Linz, February 2021 - Will Hawkins - Comparing performance of range- and counter-based loops
https://youtu.be/pP66t16BfUA&list=PL85XCvVPmGQgL3lqQD5ivLNLfdAdxbE_u

Rust Linz, Interlude - A Love Letter To Rust
https://youtu.be/pW4yuT2Gk54&list=PL85XCvVPmGQgL3lqQD5ivLNLfdAdxbE_u

Rust Linz, January 2021 - Aram Drevekenin - Mosaic, A Rusty Terminal Workspace
https://youtu.be/Q-te_UBzzjo&list=PL85XCvVPmGQgL3lqQD5ivLNLfdAdxbE_u

Rust Linz, January 2021 - Karl Grasegger - Unleash the power of your comments!
https://youtu.be/Uy6lrEbB5ug&list=PL85XCvVPmGQgL3lqQD5ivLNLfdAdxbE_u

Rust Linz, June 2021 - JT - A new path for your shell
https://youtu.be/pNPQ4_tTKuc&list=PL85XCvVPmGQgL3lqQD5ivLNLfdAdxbE_u

Rust Linz, June 2021 - Tim McNamara - How to learn Rust
https://youtu.be/sDtQaO5_SOw&list=PL85XCvVPmGQgL3lqQD5ivLNLfdAdxbE_u

Rust Linz, March 2021 - Florian Gilcher - Ownership and Borrowing from a Systems Construction PoV
https://youtu.be/8bZXx2jzfpU&list=PL85XCvVPmGQgL3lqQD5ivLNLfdAdxbE_u

Rust Linz, March 2021 - Thomas Taylor - The Rusting Cloud
https://youtu.be/my3ZjRXVRcs&list=PL85XCvVPmGQgL3lqQD5ivLNLfdAdxbE_u

Rust Linz, May 2021 - Harald Reingruber - Rust for Medical Visualization
https://youtu.be/mf_dbFHdpt0&list=PL85XCvVPmGQgL3lqQD5ivLNLfdAdxbE_u

Rust Linz, May 2021 - Lisa Passing - Creative Rust
https://youtu.be/VJUhINt5dF0&list=PL85XCvVPmGQgL3lqQD5ivLNLfdAdxbE_u

Rust Linz, November 2020 - Claus Matzinger - Trusted Computing with Rust and Intel SGX
https://youtu.be/bAYcZ2eAHkA&list=PL85XCvVPmGQgL3lqQD5ivLNLfdAdxbE_u

Rust Linz, November 2020 - Karl Grasegger - Building a web extension in Rust
https://youtu.be/m8DqHZK27X0&list=PL85XCvVPmGQgL3lqQD5ivLNLfdAdxbE_u

Rust Linz, October 2020 - Matthias Heiden - Writing a Kernel Driver with Rust
https://youtu.be/wREGR7QQHco&list=PL85XCvVPmGQgL3lqQD5ivLNLfdAdxbE_u

Rust Linz, October 2020 - Valentin Tolmer - How not to rely on inheritance
https://youtu.be/m6Gee5kNe7U&list=PL85XCvVPmGQgL3lqQD5ivLNLfdAdxbE_u

Rust Linz, September 2020 - Meaghan Lewis - Get to Know Rust
https://youtu.be/GDbkrsEI6qA&list=PL85XCvVPmGQgL3lqQD5ivLNLfdAdxbE_u

Rust Linz, September 2020 - Roland Ruckerbauer - Embedded Rust
https://youtu.be/xY342ACNXFg&list=PL85XCvVPmGQgL3lqQD5ivLNLfdAdxbE_u
Videos 1-25