
Automation Expert tells best kept secret to Work Smarter, NOT harder
https://youtu.be/I7YCmBASBhs&list=PL3JprvrxlW27kZNKDIJLTukzUAa0vlG2H

Close active program by pressing a defined key  Long-press key
https://youtu.be/dhxQa8tmXsk&list=PL3JprvrxlW27kZNKDIJLTukzUAa0vlG2H

Controlling programs by automating selecting Menu items with AutoHotkey
https://youtu.be/V8iHQXq6kXA&list=PL3JprvrxlW27kZNKDIJLTukzUAa0vlG2H

Cool tool to easily project days out  Days in the future (2021)
https://youtu.be/dcJXtOLYbwQ&list=PL3JprvrxlW27kZNKDIJLTukzUAa0vlG2H

Easily pause VLC player.  This simple script really helps take notes
https://youtu.be/E__iv7fLVxU&list=PL3JprvrxlW27kZNKDIJLTukzUAa0vlG2H

Easily wrap text with HTML tags with AutoHotkey
https://youtu.be/w_RAmEJZAkY&list=PL3JprvrxlW27kZNKDIJLTukzUAa0vlG2H

Find ways to auto generate code like I did in this short video
https://youtu.be/LQLwIjPDExk&list=PL3JprvrxlW27kZNKDIJLTukzUAa0vlG2H

Free windows screen capturing software with built-in OCR
https://youtu.be/YO--VBqJW7o&list=PL3JprvrxlW27kZNKDIJLTukzUAa0vlG2H

Great AutoHotkey Books by Jack Dunning
https://youtu.be/SyZBe8beQyI&list=PL3JprvrxlW27kZNKDIJLTukzUAa0vlG2H

How to Automate your PC   AutoHotkey is the easiest Productivity tool you can use!
https://youtu.be/MJxteBFvuEU&list=PL3JprvrxlW27kZNKDIJLTukzUAa0vlG2H

How to easily get the color under a mouse with AutoHotkey
https://youtu.be/XUv6XUR_yg4&list=PL3JprvrxlW27kZNKDIJLTukzUAa0vlG2H

How to send a large amount of text by hitting a key
https://youtu.be/yJiebXdi6pU&list=PL3JprvrxlW27kZNKDIJLTukzUAa0vlG2H

How to use a SetTimer in AutoHotkey to mimic Multi-Threading
https://youtu.be/b_rxrUJTqTA&list=PL3JprvrxlW27kZNKDIJLTukzUAa0vlG2H

How to use the much prettier built-in message box in Windows
https://youtu.be/Y30sUMk-qP0&list=PL3JprvrxlW27kZNKDIJLTukzUAa0vlG2H

Quick access to folders & programs  Do this today & save a ton of time
https://youtu.be/yP4WP_wynII&list=PL3JprvrxlW27kZNKDIJLTukzUAa0vlG2H

Quickly access your frequently used paths with this secret tip
https://youtu.be/jMhBs3txNzE&list=PL3JprvrxlW27kZNKDIJLTukzUAa0vlG2H

Resizable GUIs are easy in AutoHotkey  My Message Box Alternative AHK GUI function
https://youtu.be/myDwlrGTNBs&list=PL3JprvrxlW27kZNKDIJLTukzUAa0vlG2H

See the status of your AHK script in the Taskbar with this cool script
https://youtu.be/9DQgF71h0rM&list=PL3JprvrxlW27kZNKDIJLTukzUAa0vlG2H

There are some cool built-in variables in AutoHotkey...
https://youtu.be/LbD2bXc9taI&list=PL3JprvrxlW27kZNKDIJLTukzUAa0vlG2H

True costs of Robotics Process Automation  9 secrets youâ€™ll wish you knew BEFORE contacting Experts


Which AutoHotkey download version to use
https://youtu.be/TnmlPTR4c0c&list=PL3JprvrxlW27kZNKDIJLTukzUAa0vlG2H

Which is the best AutoHotkey editor for you (2021)  You just may be surprised!
https://youtu.be/DfESaUh7nTI&list=PL3JprvrxlW27kZNKDIJLTukzUAa0vlG2H

Why you should learn AutoHotkey! Some most common uses of AutoHotkey
https://youtu.be/HXrqHr0ldI0&list=PL3JprvrxlW27kZNKDIJLTukzUAa0vlG2H
Videos 101-125