
Andy Choens  R in Epidemiology  RStudio
https://youtu.be/-zhTXiiCj58&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRKK9ByULWulAOO5jN70eXv

Bryan Butler  R in Marketing - Survey Design  RStudio
https://youtu.be/4Gt1VIP07nc&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRKK9ByULWulAOO5jN70eXv

Chris Bumgardner - Children’s Wisconsin  Healthcare Meetup  RStudio
https://youtu.be/pHZ8dsc0PhY&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRKK9ByULWulAOO5jN70eXv

Daniela Garcia & Julieta Nieva  R en la Administración Pública & R Markdown  RStudio
https://youtu.be/vIiQJY5V__E&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRKK9ByULWulAOO5jN70eXv

Gordon Shotwell  Creating Secure Systems for Growth  RStudio
https://youtu.be/UnLpB4IDpZU&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRKK9ByULWulAOO5jN70eXv

Hlynur Hallgrímsson - City of Reykjavík  Public Sector Meetup  RStudio
https://youtu.be/e2h-BVgY4VA&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRKK9ByULWulAOO5jN70eXv

Isabella Velásquez  Building a Blog with R  RStudio
https://youtu.be/MrW5XFf7aps&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRKK9ByULWulAOO5jN70eXv

James Blair  Using RStudio on Amazon SageMaker  RStudio
https://youtu.be/fmgSVRWgXDg&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRKK9ByULWulAOO5jN70eXv

Kaija Gahm  greenT (Shiny Contest)  RStudio
https://youtu.be/gCbB3LleF_g&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRKK9ByULWulAOO5jN70eXv

Kelly O'Briant  Build Your Ideal Showcase of Data Products  RStudio Connect 1.9.0
https://youtu.be/GBNzhIkObyE&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRKK9ByULWulAOO5jN70eXv

Leveraging R & Python in Tableau with RStudio Connect  James Blair  RStudio
https://youtu.be/t25Lbi5D6kg&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRKK9ByULWulAOO5jN70eXv

Matthias Mueller - Campaign Monitor  Marketing Meetup  RStudio
https://youtu.be/Y2zoRCXgPwk&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRKK9ByULWulAOO5jN70eXv

Meghan Hall & Mitch Tanney  R in Sports Analytics  RStudio
https://youtu.be/1zCDWtNEucI&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRKK9ByULWulAOO5jN70eXv

Michelle Brandão  R in Sports Analytics - Intro to GitHub Actions  RStudio
https://youtu.be/Id2H499q8IU&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRKK9ByULWulAOO5jN70eXv

Nathan Stephens  Scaling Spreadsheets with R  RStudio
https://youtu.be/yb_mBJz3iSc&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRKK9ByULWulAOO5jN70eXv

Nicolas Nguyen - ZEISS  Supply Chain Management Meetup  RStudio
https://youtu.be/rzs6aSr4XoU&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRKK9ByULWulAOO5jN70eXv

Oliver Bridges - Smart DCC  Energy Meetup  RStudio
https://youtu.be/l9lrRhFZs8Y&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRKK9ByULWulAOO5jN70eXv

Priyanka Gagneja  Exploratory Data Analysis  RStudio
https://youtu.be/qvFeaPRgOns&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRKK9ByULWulAOO5jN70eXv

Ralph Asher  Intro to Monte Carlo Simulation  RStudio
https://youtu.be/VMGQ3mVbYXI&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRKK9ByULWulAOO5jN70eXv

Ralph Asher & Laura Darby Rose  R in Supply Chain Management  RStudio
https://youtu.be/vRbUM0n_nb8&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRKK9ByULWulAOO5jN70eXv

Shatrunjai Singh - Aetna  Insurance Meetup  RStudio
https://youtu.be/rK2N47r78hc&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRKK9ByULWulAOO5jN70eXv

Suteja Kanura  R in Retail ML Ops - Machine Learning as an Engineering Discipline  RStudio
https://youtu.be/PSiAwbRmYaA&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRKK9ByULWulAOO5jN70eXv

Taylor Rodgers - PKGlobal  Manufacturing Meetup (Democratizing an ML model )  RStudio
https://youtu.be/Ctxf0LjlB08&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRKK9ByULWulAOO5jN70eXv

Tom Bliss  R in Sports Analytics - Player Tracking Data & Big Data Bowl  RStudio
https://youtu.be/FggD93l7NmA&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRKK9ByULWulAOO5jN70eXv

Yu-Hung Chang, Phillip Lear & Brendan Scully  R in Manufacturing & Consumer Products  RStudio
https://youtu.be/jbR8P9UrsaQ&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRKK9ByULWulAOO5jN70eXv
Videos 1-25