
Compassionate—Yet Candid—Code Reviews.url
https://youtu.be/Ea8EiIPZvh0&list=PLCl5NM4qD3u8NyOjK0deNu4AQk2hgyhjS

Crafting a delightful tactile user interface.url
https://youtu.be/U_Rq8UvGYzc&list=PLCl5NM4qD3u8NyOjK0deNu4AQk2hgyhjS

Customizing Your Notifications for iOS 12.url
https://youtu.be/cVFMRRQIZG4&list=PLCl5NM4qD3u8NyOjK0deNu4AQk2hgyhjS

Effective Core Data with Swift.url
https://youtu.be/w7tFF7IfKVk&list=PLCl5NM4qD3u8NyOjK0deNu4AQk2hgyhjS

Getting Started with Apple ML.url
https://youtu.be/ZDWu9DUmD9s&list=PLCl5NM4qD3u8NyOjK0deNu4AQk2hgyhjS

Hacking Marzipan.url
https://youtu.be/2OuQarA0a7I&list=PLCl5NM4qD3u8NyOjK0deNu4AQk2hgyhjS

Idea to launch - the start of a startup.url
https://youtu.be/b7bVgnbgGyI&list=PLCl5NM4qD3u8NyOjK0deNu4AQk2hgyhjS

Let Them Say What They Want Adding Siri Shortcuts.url
https://youtu.be/_0PzPj2VUVw&list=PLCl5NM4qD3u8NyOjK0deNu4AQk2hgyhjS

Make our Swift better.url
https://youtu.be/4ELsSqgVA_Y&list=PLCl5NM4qD3u8NyOjK0deNu4AQk2hgyhjS

Making it Generic.url
https://youtu.be/xpqVVenP8ok&list=PLCl5NM4qD3u8NyOjK0deNu4AQk2hgyhjS

Memojis under the hood.url
https://youtu.be/ERwertwlwrE&list=PLCl5NM4qD3u8NyOjK0deNu4AQk2hgyhjS

Need for Speed How XO Group Optimized their Image Loading Time on The Knot Mobile App.url
https://youtu.be/bhQJKRSStuE&list=PLCl5NM4qD3u8NyOjK0deNu4AQk2hgyhjS

Strings Seven Ways.url
https://youtu.be/8pnHolNHD2Y&list=PLCl5NM4qD3u8NyOjK0deNu4AQk2hgyhjS

Super Resolution with CoreML.url
https://youtu.be/S73T0TdE9SI&list=PLCl5NM4qD3u8NyOjK0deNu4AQk2hgyhjS

Swift NIO, Vapor, and Server Concurrency.url
https://youtu.be/RW2vKWiGWr4&list=PLCl5NM4qD3u8NyOjK0deNu4AQk2hgyhjS

Swift on Server Are We There Yet.url
https://youtu.be/qpDiXZRADfE&list=PLCl5NM4qD3u8NyOjK0deNu4AQk2hgyhjS

Swift Services are Simple.url
https://youtu.be/tBogAmEzJCk&list=PLCl5NM4qD3u8NyOjK0deNu4AQk2hgyhjS

SwiftNIO and Network.framework.url
https://youtu.be/M9kEtkhEjQ8&list=PLCl5NM4qD3u8NyOjK0deNu4AQk2hgyhjS

Taken For Granted.url
https://youtu.be/ePuOrCbIW-o&list=PLCl5NM4qD3u8NyOjK0deNu4AQk2hgyhjS

Trusting SDKs.url
https://youtu.be/BXePggcWpuE&list=PLCl5NM4qD3u8NyOjK0deNu4AQk2hgyhjS

Using your superpowers for good to change the world!.url
https://youtu.be/_4Wof3sIKqc&list=PLCl5NM4qD3u8NyOjK0deNu4AQk2hgyhjS

What I learned creating a social media app clone.url
https://youtu.be/7pEATK6PgXs&list=PLCl5NM4qD3u8NyOjK0deNu4AQk2hgyhjS
try! Swift NYC 2018