
2020 Movie Preview  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/HS9mMlcFk-I&list=PLScC8g4bqD46ChnmXjJ2kxtsXKSqhT80C

2021 Summer Movie Preview  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/sIuDyZ_eR1U&list=PLScC8g4bqD46ChnmXjJ2kxtsXKSqhT80C

2022 Summer Movie Preview  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/VI39y-hO-nU&list=PLScC8g4bqD46ChnmXjJ2kxtsXKSqhT80C

New Movies in Theaters August 2022
https://youtu.be/eT0O12jcsms&list=PLScC8g4bqD46ChnmXjJ2kxtsXKSqhT80C

New Movies in Theaters September 2022
https://youtu.be/OBs-a5pUUqw&list=PLScC8g4bqD46ChnmXjJ2kxtsXKSqhT80C

Private video
https://youtu.be/aKPlf8fhqaA&list=PLScC8g4bqD46ChnmXjJ2kxtsXKSqhT80C

Super Bowl 2018 - ALL TV Spots and Movie Trailers
https://youtu.be/jMSpGnkW_nk&list=PLScC8g4bqD46ChnmXjJ2kxtsXKSqhT80C

Super Bowl Movie & TV Trailers (2020)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/Kdgvxmcu0Pk&list=PLScC8g4bqD46ChnmXjJ2kxtsXKSqhT80C

Super Bowl Trailers Compilation (2017)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/q2wwsGT1yhI&list=PLScC8g4bqD46ChnmXjJ2kxtsXKSqhT80C

Top Upcoming Fall Movies 2018  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/ljnqjQHC0N8&list=PLScC8g4bqD46ChnmXjJ2kxtsXKSqhT80C

Top Upcoming Movies of 2018  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/-tLzI6nvoSQ&list=PLScC8g4bqD46ChnmXjJ2kxtsXKSqhT80C

Top Upcoming Summer Movies 2018
https://youtu.be/UytiKx-SMvY&list=PLScC8g4bqD46ChnmXjJ2kxtsXKSqhT80C

Upcoming DC Movie Preview 2018 - 2021  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/ceof-Ji1Ddc&list=PLScC8g4bqD46ChnmXjJ2kxtsXKSqhT80C

Upcoming Holiday Movie Preview 2018  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/4AEkzL2SvmI&list=PLScC8g4bqD46ChnmXjJ2kxtsXKSqhT80C

Upcoming Horror & Thriller Movies to Watch This Fall (2022)
https://youtu.be/CKrkeiO6OFg&list=PLScC8g4bqD46ChnmXjJ2kxtsXKSqhT80C

Upcoming Horror Movies 2019 Preview  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/RYGTdDJguI0&list=PLScC8g4bqD46ChnmXjJ2kxtsXKSqhT80C

Upcoming Marvel Movie Preview 2018-2020  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/1LDYWIij98A&list=PLScC8g4bqD46ChnmXjJ2kxtsXKSqhT80C

Upcoming Superhero Movies (2020)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/wP-aP_GAf6o&list=PLScC8g4bqD46ChnmXjJ2kxtsXKSqhT80C

What to Watch 2021 Fall Movie Preview  Weekly Ticket
https://youtu.be/C41_n2Tio1U&list=PLScC8g4bqD46ChnmXjJ2kxtsXKSqhT80C

What to Watch Awards Season Preview + Ammonite, Nomadland  Weekly Ticket
https://youtu.be/ncxrCGCVlkw&list=PLScC8g4bqD46ChnmXjJ2kxtsXKSqhT80C

What to Watch Biggest Upcoming Summer Movies  Weekly Ticket
https://youtu.be/-q_na_SBWHM&list=PLScC8g4bqD46ChnmXjJ2kxtsXKSqhT80C
Upcoming Movie Previews