
PHP UK Conference 2017 - Adam Baratz - Testing Complex Applications for PHP7
https://youtu.be/qKE3Pwkbhrc&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-_djRi_UVWWLdkVpYQFnFm

PHP UK Conference 2017 - Adam Englander - Don’t Lose Sleep, Secure Your REST
https://youtu.be/3T3M7sPIUG0&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-_djRi_UVWWLdkVpYQFnFm

PHP UK Conference 2017 - Alena Holligan - Demystifying Object Oriented Programming
https://youtu.be/nyQYvSZM0tM&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-_djRi_UVWWLdkVpYQFnFm

PHP UK Conference 2017 - Anna Filina - Unit Testing by Example
https://youtu.be/ESl-ncXA4G0&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-_djRi_UVWWLdkVpYQFnFm

PHP UK Conference 2017 - Antonio Peric Mazar  - Drupal8 for Symfony Developers
https://youtu.be/ZKAjkCb7MZ0&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-_djRi_UVWWLdkVpYQFnFm

PHP UK Conference 2017 - Colin O'Dell - Debugging Effectively
https://youtu.be/nr-eV603-UA&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-_djRi_UVWWLdkVpYQFnFm

PHP UK Conference 2017 - Damien Seguy - Static Analysis Saved My Code Tonight
https://youtu.be/TelqURPdQmQ&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-_djRi_UVWWLdkVpYQFnFm

PHP UK Conference 2017 - Dave Ward - Preparing your Dockerised Application for Production
https://youtu.be/quoM__Gg3zI&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-_djRi_UVWWLdkVpYQFnFm

PHP UK Conference 2017 - David Zuelke - I saw the future, and its web servers were written in PHP
https://youtu.be/VjJBR8YAxoE&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-_djRi_UVWWLdkVpYQFnFm

PHP UK Conference 2017 - Derick Rethans - Its All About The Goto
https://youtu.be/JAB8-8gW1UU&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-_djRi_UVWWLdkVpYQFnFm

PHP UK Conference 2017 - Eli White - State of the PHP Community
https://youtu.be/1vFycFnVhaw&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-_djRi_UVWWLdkVpYQFnFm

PHP UK Conference 2017 - Freek Van der Herten - Taking Care of Backups with Laravel
https://youtu.be/klPNJypmIWQ&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-_djRi_UVWWLdkVpYQFnFm

PHP UK Conference 2017 - Gareth Ellis - Introduction to SOLID
https://youtu.be/86Tt2pW9pv4&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-_djRi_UVWWLdkVpYQFnFm

PHP UK Conference 2017 - Gary Hockin - Using Open Source for Fun and Profit
https://youtu.be/RH74_sFjqzs&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-_djRi_UVWWLdkVpYQFnFm

PHP UK Conference 2017 - Jennifer Wong - I Think I Know What You’re Talking About, But I'm Not Sure
https://youtu.be/iNrmKyA1vig&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-_djRi_UVWWLdkVpYQFnFm

PHP UK Conference 2017 - Liam Wiltshire - Introduction to application scaling
https://youtu.be/aHthWfsqhXU&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-_djRi_UVWWLdkVpYQFnFm

PHP UK Conference 2017 - Luis Cobucci - JWT - To authentication & beyond!
https://youtu.be/p2tItlr_3QI&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-_djRi_UVWWLdkVpYQFnFm

PHP UK Conference 2017 - Marek Jelen - Docker, Kubernetes, and OpenShift for PHP Developers
https://youtu.be/dEj5iKM55U0&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-_djRi_UVWWLdkVpYQFnFm

PHP UK Conference 2017 - Michael Cullum - Towards a frameworkless world
https://youtu.be/aFhwnjFF96I&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-_djRi_UVWWLdkVpYQFnFm

PHP UK Conference 2017 - Michiel Rook - The Road to continuous deployment
https://youtu.be/5vcsP_cyk4Q&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-_djRi_UVWWLdkVpYQFnFm

PHP UK Conference 2017 - Rouven Weßling - Build a Trivia game using Amazon Alexa and AWS Lambda
https://youtu.be/AB-U--e1ltc&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-_djRi_UVWWLdkVpYQFnFm

PHP UK Conference 2017 - Rowan Merewood - Progressive Apps in the Wild
https://youtu.be/VBMjPp4J8fk&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-_djRi_UVWWLdkVpYQFnFm

PHP UK Conference 2017 - Sebastian Thoss - SmokeTests
https://youtu.be/snDOv9J_vTY&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-_djRi_UVWWLdkVpYQFnFm

PHP UK Conference 2017 - Terrence Ryan - Serving 30,000,000 Requests an Hour in the Cloud
https://youtu.be/xbVWbWo31pk&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-_djRi_UVWWLdkVpYQFnFm

PHP UK Conference 2017 - Victoria Quirante - Building Restful APIs with Symfony Components
https://youtu.be/8KAgvjxcmDY&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-_djRi_UVWWLdkVpYQFnFm
Videos 1-25