
Episode #143 - iOS authentication with a Rails API  Preview
https://youtu.be/qy2yyAVj0OU&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #144 - Creating PDF Files with WickedPDF  Preview
https://youtu.be/IMOtbqd4aCQ&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #145 - Improving Partial Loading Performance
https://youtu.be/fP4zMF6lRDM&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #146 - Rails API Documentation  Preview
https://youtu.be/rI2dRWqp8FY&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #147 - State Machines with AASM  Preview
https://youtu.be/qozeaaVZGSI&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #148 - ActiveRecord Callbacks  Preview
https://youtu.be/K_nMVWxZTyY&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #149 - Rails Presenters
https://youtu.be/_MLqWy81Kkc&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #150 - Database, Model and Scopes  Preview
https://youtu.be/MqCL7tiqc_Q&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #151 - Safely Running Shell Commands  Preview
https://youtu.be/Gv2qqpE9gCQ&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #152 - Deeper Dive into StimulusJS
https://youtu.be/cOm-uFIhadc&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #153 - Bundler and Binstubs  Preview
https://youtu.be/oZqdy__FPsA&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #154 - Service Objects for API Interactions with Twilio
https://youtu.be/SSegXmqdlFQ&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #155 - Friend Requests From Scratch
https://youtu.be/vAfS2DqDbz8&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #156 - Friend Request Views, Controllers, and Model Methods  Preview
https://youtu.be/ODIY4UsM48c&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #157 - Nested Comments from Scratch  Preview
https://youtu.be/V8z-_jqhmhg&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #158 - Grab Bag of Ruby and Ruby on Rails Tricks
https://youtu.be/AZGOzb1Y5U8&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #159 - Activity Feed with Public Activity  Preview
https://youtu.be/eOj7kVEj_9Q&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #160 - Development Decisions and Architecture  Preview
https://youtu.be/cqEiYtUUV9o&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #161 - Refactoring Models  Preview
https://youtu.be/r8cYWdn61is&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #162 - Creating a Simple Slack Bot
https://youtu.be/CuQJhpzO5WY&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #163 Templating Ruby on Rails Applications  Preview
https://youtu.be/1a0NjtTCFjE&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #164 - Policy Manager with GDPR Rails  Preview
https://youtu.be/Bf82jLc5ZQM&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #165 - Incoming Emails with Action Mailbox  Preview
https://youtu.be/Wyvk3E0Qir4&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #166 - Creating a Ruby Domain Specific Language (DSL)  Preview
https://youtu.be/X8epvlOFu08&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #167 - Using Action Text in a Rails 5.2 Application
https://youtu.be/R6G_0A0picg&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr
Videos 176-200