
Exercise 1 OOP   based on tutorial 62  - Create your own class
https://youtu.be/CrmoHstr6ck&list=PLwgFb6VsUj_mZJBbyJhcIocCPgLIbmV-R

NOT A TUTORIAL  it's overview discussion only for e-mail sending program
https://youtu.be/XdDRzRz5UVI&list=PLwgFb6VsUj_mZJBbyJhcIocCPgLIbmV-R

OOP EXERCISE 2 based on tutorial 64  -  METHODS
https://youtu.be/-wNgOIZR-1c&list=PLwgFb6VsUj_mZJBbyJhcIocCPgLIbmV-R

Python tutorial in Hindi 47 - open website with webbrowser module .
https://youtu.be/CCunhOLmIuQ&list=PLwgFb6VsUj_mZJBbyJhcIocCPgLIbmV-R

python tutorial in Hindi 48  How to read text files
https://youtu.be/obyVMcsa1ZY&list=PLwgFb6VsUj_mZJBbyJhcIocCPgLIbmV-R

Python tutorial in Hindi 49  How to write text files
https://youtu.be/JTto2JuAYtM&list=PLwgFb6VsUj_mZJBbyJhcIocCPgLIbmV-R

Python tutorial in Hindi 50  Make text file from user input , cwd , cd
https://youtu.be/8NmqAzqgmIs&list=PLwgFb6VsUj_mZJBbyJhcIocCPgLIbmV-R

Python tutorial in Hindi 51  Create Your Own  E-mail sending program software 01
https://youtu.be/FQN_4sylvF4&list=PLwgFb6VsUj_mZJBbyJhcIocCPgLIbmV-R

Python tutorial in Hindi 52  Error Handling with try , except
https://youtu.be/qHVZUi_uErE&list=PLwgFb6VsUj_mZJBbyJhcIocCPgLIbmV-R

Python tutorial in Hindi 53  How to use infinite loop while using try ,  except
https://youtu.be/LeDT0FGSJQ4&list=PLwgFb6VsUj_mZJBbyJhcIocCPgLIbmV-R

Python tutorial in Hindi 54  Modification  of E-mail sending program
https://youtu.be/EjS9gSOOMqA&list=PLwgFb6VsUj_mZJBbyJhcIocCPgLIbmV-R

Python tutorial in Hindi 55  How to get password input from user as a password
https://youtu.be/u1lV6uLJt4U&list=PLwgFb6VsUj_mZJBbyJhcIocCPgLIbmV-R

Python tutorial in Hindi 56  How to convert py file to exe (in hindi)
https://youtu.be/yp1FmtIXG_w&list=PLwgFb6VsUj_mZJBbyJhcIocCPgLIbmV-R

Python tutorial in Hindi 57  How to create a software setup
https://youtu.be/uRDFjavlrpc&list=PLwgFb6VsUj_mZJBbyJhcIocCPgLIbmV-R

Python tutorial in Hindi 58   String Formatting in Python 3
https://youtu.be/Q6Uvo0VfPsI&list=PLwgFb6VsUj_mZJBbyJhcIocCPgLIbmV-R

Python tutorial in Hindi 59  Some more useful strings methods (split , join , replace , count)
https://youtu.be/q-eA3DBz4_U&list=PLwgFb6VsUj_mZJBbyJhcIocCPgLIbmV-R

Python tutorial in Hindi 60  Make your Windows Extraordinary
https://youtu.be/N9KMFCqcizE&list=PLwgFb6VsUj_mZJBbyJhcIocCPgLIbmV-R

Python tutorial in Hindi 61  discussion before learning OOP
https://youtu.be/u1PlRAq1n0c&list=PLwgFb6VsUj_mZJBbyJhcIocCPgLIbmV-R

Python tutorial in Hindi 62  OOP   Classes , Objects , self, constructor
https://youtu.be/oJRqgyebXDM&list=PLwgFb6VsUj_mZJBbyJhcIocCPgLIbmV-R

Python tutorial in Hindi 63  OOP - Exercise one solution
https://youtu.be/B2KWKvoumaU&list=PLwgFb6VsUj_mZJBbyJhcIocCPgLIbmV-R

Python tutorial in Hindi 64  OOP lecture 3  - How to define methods inside class
https://youtu.be/qMCAxhyrwWg&list=PLwgFb6VsUj_mZJBbyJhcIocCPgLIbmV-R

Python tutorial in Hindi 65  Exercise 2 solution lecture
https://youtu.be/I_SWcJaz78U&list=PLwgFb6VsUj_mZJBbyJhcIocCPgLIbmV-R

Python tutorial in Hindi 66  Class Variables
https://youtu.be/j-H8Is_OxQc&list=PLwgFb6VsUj_mZJBbyJhcIocCPgLIbmV-R

Python tutorial in Hindi 67  doc string and help function
https://youtu.be/vxV01YHr6ig&list=PLwgFb6VsUj_mZJBbyJhcIocCPgLIbmV-R

Python tutorial in Hindi 68  Inheritance part 1
https://youtu.be/DSWWaIc9z00&list=PLwgFb6VsUj_mZJBbyJhcIocCPgLIbmV-R
Videos 51-75