
Python 3 List Comprehension Tutorial  #1 List comprehension with range function
https://youtu.be/tT7uszJK6xY&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8kBGMzCWiQegyi2r6-Ci81

Python 3 Programming Tutorial  #10 Filtering Dictionary using filter function and lambda function
https://youtu.be/TmZ5930lsJY&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8kBGMzCWiQegyi2r6-Ci81

Python 3 Programming Tutorial  #11  Processing multiple list with map function & lambda function
https://youtu.be/Cz3iJWfFBLY&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8kBGMzCWiQegyi2r6-Ci81

Python 3 Programming Tutorial  #2 Python map and lambda function to process lists
https://youtu.be/tNNwixmpkLY&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8kBGMzCWiQegyi2r6-Ci81

Python 3 Programming Tutorial  #3 Sorting data in Python with lambda function
https://youtu.be/yHOHAU96uGM&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8kBGMzCWiQegyi2r6-Ci81

Python 3 Programming Tutorial  #4 Filtering data in python with lambda function
https://youtu.be/jJcy1atQN-U&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8kBGMzCWiQegyi2r6-Ci81

Python 3 Programming Tutorial  #5 Python lambda function with Reduce function
https://youtu.be/45n5jlVH4H4&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8kBGMzCWiQegyi2r6-Ci81

Python 3 Programming Tutorial  #6 Lambda Function and Reduce Function with Aggregation Functions
https://youtu.be/EPEDMRKgags&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8kBGMzCWiQegyi2r6-Ci81

Python 3 Programming Tutorial  #7 if else conditional statement with lambda and reduce function
https://youtu.be/cNr7B4lChzQ&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8kBGMzCWiQegyi2r6-Ci81

Python 3 Programming Tutorial  #8 Accessing Nested list within lambda function and map function
https://youtu.be/8DHhXcd8liQ&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8kBGMzCWiQegyi2r6-Ci81

Python 3 Programming Tutorial  #9 Accessing Dictionary key and value using map & lambda function
https://youtu.be/sGbPz9dyV70&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8kBGMzCWiQegyi2r6-Ci81

Python 3 Programming Tutorial  How to zip and unzip lists or dictionaries  zip and unzip function
https://youtu.be/TWBWAx7tUi4&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8kBGMzCWiQegyi2r6-Ci81

Python 3 Programming Tutorial  Python Generator function
https://youtu.be/SdRQVdzf5v8&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8kBGMzCWiQegyi2r6-Ci81

Python 3 Programming Tutorial  Python iterable and iterator objects with iter and next function
https://youtu.be/gM1SFfcKY1w&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8kBGMzCWiQegyi2r6-Ci81

Qlik Sense Count Function  Qlik Sense Training
https://youtu.be/LOUQIAWNs1M&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8kBGMzCWiQegyi2r6-Ci81

Qlik Sense Financial IRR Function  Qlik Sense Training
https://youtu.be/fo4lrlrpJB0&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8kBGMzCWiQegyi2r6-Ci81

Qlik Sense Missing Count Function  Qlik sense Training
https://youtu.be/UeiJKtqo8sE&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8kBGMzCWiQegyi2r6-Ci81

Qlik Sense NPV Financial Function  Qlik Sense Training
https://youtu.be/YZkmvzChQr0&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8kBGMzCWiQegyi2r6-Ci81

Qlik Sense Null Count Function - Qlik sense Training
https://youtu.be/Pj93BUj13lQ&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8kBGMzCWiQegyi2r6-Ci81

Qlik Sense Numeric Count Function  Qlik sense Training
https://youtu.be/HC-GIyRGjiQ&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8kBGMzCWiQegyi2r6-Ci81

Qlik Sense Text Count Function  Qlik Sense Training
https://youtu.be/W96dZdloOk0&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8kBGMzCWiQegyi2r6-Ci81

Qlik Sense Training  Qlik sense Avg Script and Chart Function
https://youtu.be/2mIRPhT-b9Y&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8kBGMzCWiQegyi2r6-Ci81

Qlik Sense Training  Qlik Sense Correlation Chart and Script Function
https://youtu.be/MHKcLEofikE&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8kBGMzCWiQegyi2r6-Ci81

Qlik Sense XIRR Financial Function  Qlik sense Training
https://youtu.be/eztL0Hle7xk&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8kBGMzCWiQegyi2r6-Ci81

Qlik Sense XNPV Financial Function  Qlik sense Training
https://youtu.be/pCUGas2XVKk&list=PLH6mU1kedUy8kBGMzCWiQegyi2r6-Ci81
Videos 26-50