
Arun Gupta - Serverless Functions, Containers and beyond
https://youtu.be/NZg6MJrkW_M&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYb8RshxWTQH5OxY_NBepp

Cecilia Fernandez de Cordoba - DevOps – How to deliver great products faster
https://youtu.be/oLaW1iP_Bsw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYb8RshxWTQH5OxY_NBepp

Chris Thalinger - Performance tuning Twitter services with Graal and Machine Learning
https://youtu.be/W-5kUG8_mbk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYb8RshxWTQH5OxY_NBepp

David Delabassee - Project Helidon Java Libraries for Microservices
https://youtu.be/Y481kPbSW1Q&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYb8RshxWTQH5OxY_NBepp

Dmitry Alexandrov - Webassembly for Java Developers
https://youtu.be/93z9SaLQVVw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYb8RshxWTQH5OxY_NBepp

Doug Sillars - Delivering Fast and Beautiful Images and Video
https://youtu.be/rUw4sAV-dJw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYb8RshxWTQH5OxY_NBepp

Emily Jiang - Creating a cloud-native microservice – which programming mode should I use
https://youtu.be/RSJ0i1TKuq4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYb8RshxWTQH5OxY_NBepp

Ferd Scheepers - A sheriff in the wild west How to govern open source data technology
https://youtu.be/sHfd-JeYDrE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYb8RshxWTQH5OxY_NBepp

Graham Charters - Cutting through the fog of microservices – lightsabers optional
https://youtu.be/6O5W4gacO3U&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYb8RshxWTQH5OxY_NBepp

Hanno Embregts - Entering the Fourth Dimension of OCR with Tesseract
https://youtu.be/THgFc9pwyJ0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYb8RshxWTQH5OxY_NBepp

Ivan Lopez - Alexa, nice to meet you
https://youtu.be/zeJ7qFVKa4E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYb8RshxWTQH5OxY_NBepp

Mark Heckler - Building Reactive Pipelines How to go from scalable apps to scalable systems
https://youtu.be/oIKBqnYdR9Q&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYb8RshxWTQH5OxY_NBepp

Mark Heckler - Drinking from the Stream How to Use Messaging Platforms for Scalability&Performance
https://youtu.be/POCVdJ2hCLw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYb8RshxWTQH5OxY_NBepp

Mark Paluch - Reactive Relational Database Connectivity
https://youtu.be/yU3Hf2krxF4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYb8RshxWTQH5OxY_NBepp

Markus Winand - The Mother of all Query Languages SQL in the 21st Century
https://youtu.be/8Fb5Qgpr03g&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYb8RshxWTQH5OxY_NBepp

Martin Toshev - Java Security Animated
https://youtu.be/6eWKS5FMESI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYb8RshxWTQH5OxY_NBepp

Oleh Dokuka - RSocket – new Reactive cross-network Protocol
https://youtu.be/OEHf04VqdEA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYb8RshxWTQH5OxY_NBepp

Peter Palaga - Quarkus the supersonic and subatomic Java
https://youtu.be/BcPLbhC9KAA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYb8RshxWTQH5OxY_NBepp

Radu Caprescu - Building An User Account Activation System From (Almost) Scratch
https://youtu.be/l_TqjXFCDiI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYb8RshxWTQH5OxY_NBepp

Rafael Benevides - How not suck at Microservices
https://youtu.be/8TAo9pw7mMA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYb8RshxWTQH5OxY_NBepp

Rafał Legiędź - Augmented Reality – The State of Play
https://youtu.be/KWHBKk-NXX4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYb8RshxWTQH5OxY_NBepp

Sebastian Daschner - 7 Principles of Productive Software Developers
https://youtu.be/qIv70nRdtS0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYb8RshxWTQH5OxY_NBepp

Serhat Can - Building a healthy on-call culture
https://youtu.be/55ZtB9Mc-a8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYb8RshxWTQH5OxY_NBepp

Sven Ruppert - Proxy Deep Dive with Core Java
https://youtu.be/QdB3enPXSso&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYb8RshxWTQH5OxY_NBepp

Vlad Mihalcea -  Transactions and Concurrency Control Patterns
https://youtu.be/2qXJI7kG1ig&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYb8RshxWTQH5OxY_NBepp
Videos 1-25