
Python Basics Command Line Hello
https://youtu.be/lzwmUbI2XCU&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Dir and Help
https://youtu.be/LWVbvTnISv4&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Download and Install Python Programming Language
https://youtu.be/PrmJfTvfwyg&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Grid
https://youtu.be/G49EH3t8w8Q&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics How to Find Any Prime Number  nth Prime Number
https://youtu.be/rH9VFA7cHN4&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics How to Increment and Decrement Variables
https://youtu.be/FjxmUkNns-8&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics How To Split a String
https://youtu.be/lu9yA84tNKo&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Increment Strings
https://youtu.be/c9XtGWxi70I&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Leap Year
https://youtu.be/yxbvVgxFCL4&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Like and Unlike
https://youtu.be/7Uw7oIBKxBM&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics List Comprehension
https://youtu.be/ljd3BqTOS8Y&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics M.I.T Chicken Nugget Problem
https://youtu.be/-pbB8mz3rOo&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Number Diamond
https://youtu.be/_g3LZp_uE7I&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Number Triangle
https://youtu.be/DZIXvjDvFOE&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Pop Method
https://youtu.be/Ill7XMojpvQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Prime Numbers  Pt. 2 The Better way
https://youtu.be/joPlhzYCzpw&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Prime Numbers
https://youtu.be/4CMHEQjjgqo&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Print function
https://youtu.be/omHA7dEvlJc&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Print String Format
https://youtu.be/LeM30PzFKjg&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Recursion
https://youtu.be/WddkYd79apU&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Reverse Number Triangle
https://youtu.be/KeB50dZTxKw&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Seconds Conversion
https://youtu.be/1NDBmpEd3Y0&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics String Palindrome pt 2
https://youtu.be/3haTQBn7ttQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics String Palindrome
https://youtu.be/Vxe_Gkxq9SQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Times Table
https://youtu.be/I6_dnsCNDS8&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f
Videos 26-50