
Python Basics 16,000 Views
https://youtu.be/oyM_NLqP0bs

Python Basics 250 Subs
https://youtu.be/XoQE5GVcIu8

Python Basics Expanded Search with Brackets
https://youtu.be/ZYbOZdV--x8

Python Basics Glob iglob Method
https://youtu.be/KHlCRYvwQ0g

Python Basics Install Numpy and Pandas
https://youtu.be/wU1ZZg-_Aic

Python Basics Itertools Groupby Method Pt  2
https://youtu.be/xzQuR8RSzwY

Python Basics Itertools Groupby Method Pt  3
https://youtu.be/_MqXw27g354

Python Basics Itertools Groupby Method
https://youtu.be/ZqPKCNKvzbk

Python Basics Matplotlib Multiple Plots
https://youtu.be/5jf3CtfU0Vg

Python Basics Matplotlib Pyplot Figure Object
https://youtu.be/pLPgvYlAAKA

Python Basics Matplotlib Subplots Function
https://youtu.be/cHuwgUfubmE

Python Basics OS Path Basename Method
https://youtu.be/DjPiam25XGU

Python Basics Pandas and Numpy
https://youtu.be/zF_VQpSo168

Python Basics Pop Quiz #3 Answer
https://youtu.be/W4GSLfaY6OQ

Python Basics Pop Quiz #3
https://youtu.be/wU_ROiyHj4I

Python Basics Pygame Draw Circle Method
https://youtu.be/ZHE0JbV_b8I

Python Basics Pygame Draw Module
https://youtu.be/LN6JWfKGCy0

Python Basics Re Findall Method
https://youtu.be/uRpFU9iEYgs

Python Basics Re Module Pt. 3 Special Character Dot (.)
https://youtu.be/t5ffOZuTOtk

Python Basics Requested Video Os Path Join
https://youtu.be/TRq7JbgKN2s

Python Basics So Very Grateful
https://youtu.be/ojnsyx9xQ0Q

Python Basics When you are stuck
https://youtu.be/6sqAF28XZGc

Python Basics Zipfile is zipfile Method
https://youtu.be/JH6FrAxtR3c

Python Basics Zipfile Module
https://youtu.be/--bYxLsG0qA

Python Basics Zipfile ZipFile Method
https://youtu.be/OrP4V0WOJzE
Videos 626-650