
Add and Update Values from a Set in Python (Functions) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/9Yo0ALwevBM&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Catch and Handle Exceptions in Python (TRY EXCEPT in Python) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/ll0HYxzNm9g&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Check if an Item Exists in a Set in Python (IN, NOT IN Operators) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/EvZOghLclq4&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Documenting a Function in Python DOCSTRING in Python - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/XPK6R19igs8&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Exceptions in Python ALWAYS run your code (TRY FINALLY in Python) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/cuc_x422Wko&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Exceptions in Python Default Exception Handling in Python - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/jNcYHWaAkVo&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Exceptions in Python Execute Code ONLY when NO Exception is Raised (TRY ELSE in Python)
https://youtu.be/5HJCmLbb3XY&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Exceptions in Python Test if Condition is True (ASSERT in Python) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/4uWs0kUoLPA&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Exceptions in Python Types of Errors in Python (Syntax, Logical) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/2LrjNjUSjqo&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

How to Call a Function in Python - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/xXQM1y9X8S0&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

How to Create a Function in Python - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/1jqvxozASlM&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

How to Get Items from a Set in Python (Method Pop) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/T3c98ZURCx8&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

How to Pass Arguments to a Function in Python (Positional, Keyword, Default, args, kwargs)
https://youtu.be/tjthnp5ODxk&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

How to RAISE an Exception in Python (Traceback in Python) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/FCkcZKwWt24&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

How to Return Value from a Function in Python - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/N5ruwKJtVgc&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

How to use NESTED Functions in Python (Inner Functions + Closures) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/_QjZkeOaiEI&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

How to use RECURSIVE Function in Python (Recursion in Python) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/oZQIkPbA9qQ&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Iterate through the Items of a Set in Python (FOR Loops) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/FUBFtspARyo&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Join two Sets in Python (Union, Intersection, Difference, Symmetric) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/gVOqUD5Zt38&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Python Coding Interview Questions Functions in Python (+ Solution) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/q4LLBICpU_M&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Raise User Defined Exceptions in Python (Custom Exceptions) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/bUJzaWAw8Sk&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Remove Items from Set in Python (Pop, Remove, Discard, Clear, Del) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/bnF65r5HqTM&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Sets in Python How to Create a Set in Python (and Add Items) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/-hTJAoVXqxA&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

What are Functions in Python (Definition & Syntax) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/PLuhMguMGOM&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z
Videos 101-124