
A Deep Dive into Apache Kafka This is Event Streaming by Andrew Dunnings & Katherine Stanley
https://youtu.be/X40EozwK75s&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

A secure journey on Kubernetes by Julien Garcia Gonzalez
https://youtu.be/V-mSZb-Fnhk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Building the Matrix by Jan Peter Sanderman
https://youtu.be/d8TRGfozK5Q&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Building your own JDK in 10 steps by JoseÃÅ Paumard
https://youtu.be/lhkjOrY65Ts&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Cloud Run, serverless containers in action by Mete Atamel
https://youtu.be/JJh3okWKQls&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Crash course in Kubernetes monitoring by Robert Munteanu
https://youtu.be/dId543PzSsU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Deepdive into Reactive Spring with Coroutines and Kotlin Flow  by SeÃÅbastien Deleuze
https://youtu.be/BoidEr_ZCGc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Develop and Deploy to Kubernetes like a Googler by David Gageot
https://youtu.be/YYJ4RZFw4j8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Dockerfile the best practices by Guillaume Lours & Jeremie Drouet
https://youtu.be/VjmOhWIRtTY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

From hot data sources to interactive clients in a hurry by Jesper M√∏ller
https://youtu.be/oQZhnYRoqSg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

GraalVM native images explained by Oleg SÃåelajev
https://youtu.be/WKrR4PGTgoc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Java 9 and Beyond by Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/oRcOiGWK9Ts&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Java Packaging Tool Create Native Packages to Deploy Java Applications  by Kevin Rushforth
https://youtu.be/ZGW9AalZLN4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Kubernetes Distilled - an in depth guide for the busy Java developer by Alberto Rios & Oliver Hughes
https://youtu.be/l7lt6yYLvRo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Learnings from migrating a production service from JDK 8 to JDK 11  by Yishai Galatzer
https://youtu.be/moWxm8wvjpc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Make your IoT even Smarter with Tensorflow Lite to Design the Future of Vertical Farming by Alexis
https://youtu.be/rYWniwZ7mzk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Mocking your microservices with mock server by Jaap Coomans
https://youtu.be/oipykrGdsk8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Postman & Newman for your CICD by Xavier Thery & Bowie Brotosumpeno
https://youtu.be/43-uU7Uz8Z4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Quickly remove some big performance bottlenecks with QuickPerf  by Jean Bisutti
https://youtu.be/cEkoJL09kKI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Reactive Revolution by Josh Long
https://youtu.be/4-vEW8Ck_6g&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Reactive Transactions Masterclass by Michael Simons & Mark Paluch
https://youtu.be/8TkY_RaoLCQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Solving Memory Leaks in the JVM by Kirk Pepperdine
https://youtu.be/_gineh_HcoQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

The Web is on üî• F I R E  üî• !!!  by NoeÃàl MaceÃÅ
https://youtu.be/lfubOlz3JLI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Why I prefer Spock over JUnit  by Bouke Nijhuis
https://youtu.be/aydVJbF7Mas&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Writing Java agents for fun and not so much profit by Robert Munteanu
https://youtu.be/pznvd89GgBg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q
Videos 151-175