
#188 Async for the Pythonic web with Sanic
https://youtu.be/tg4aT-emxXc

#189 War Stories of the Developer Evangelists
https://youtu.be/O_nxGQUD7cw

#190 Teaching Django
https://youtu.be/vect8FZ-OLY

#191 Python's journey at Microsoft
https://youtu.be/KAooZCC3aFI

#192 Python Year in Review 2018 Edition
https://youtu.be/CqcNQMg1d_w

#193 Data Science Year in Review 2018 Edition
https://youtu.be/F92ckE5cVRM

#194 Learning (and teaching) Python in a vacuum
https://youtu.be/JqLkCIJCz-I

#195 Teaching Python at Apple
https://youtu.be/702RUMKxOAw

#196 Datalore Hosted smart notebooks
https://youtu.be/dmmP0Pcf36E

#197 Modern Python Standard Library Cookbook
https://youtu.be/dWas1kOcNaw

#198 Catching up with the Anaconda distribution
https://youtu.be/Vkuo6eL5bO0

#199 Automate all the things with Python at Zapier
https://youtu.be/xJDlxChqvcQ

Consuming HTTP Services in Python course introduction
https://youtu.be/I3rVmlqSH2I

Course Trailer #100DaysOfCode in Python
https://youtu.be/HvNN8yrhe70

Course Trailer MongoDB for Developers with Python
https://youtu.be/vU4GBlgpjDo

Course Trailer Using and Mastering Cookiecutter
https://youtu.be/96fpONwXjGA

Eve Building RESTful APIs with MongoDB and Flask course introduction
https://youtu.be/cBcgXsB9ruI

Introduction to Ansible course summary
https://youtu.be/R1YUIKok6hw

Managing Python Dependencies @ Talk Python course introduction
https://youtu.be/ESGTmcU-5z0

Mastering PyCharm course introduction
https://youtu.be/ygagqy6duj8

MongoDB Quickstart Course Introduction (Free)
https://youtu.be/Qs6jRTTSdy0

Python 3, an Illustrated Tour course introduction
https://youtu.be/thYNl0MoK20

Python for Entrepreneurs course introduction
https://youtu.be/eQVv2pbneH4

Python Jumpstart by Building 10 Apps Introduction
https://youtu.be/pMlsks0gCvI

RESTful and HTTP APIs in Pyramid course introduction
https://youtu.be/_8_QWePpHKY
Videos 151-175