
Pycon Ireland 2017 A Django project template for a RESTful Application using Docker -Jaime Buelta
https://youtu.be/oMQh6Qk5Egw&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98FAWRHwQLjV1vja2ZdWpCb

Pycon Ireland 2017 About Snakes, Gophers, Ducks and Camels - David Rieger
https://youtu.be/AVc9-Tu06vk&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98FAWRHwQLjV1vja2ZdWpCb

Pycon Ireland 2017 Convolution Neural Networks for Legal Text Analytics - Michael Dineen
https://youtu.be/13PJtIZSNRo&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98FAWRHwQLjV1vja2ZdWpCb

Pycon Ireland 2017 Data Anonymization - Bartlomiej Uscilowski
https://youtu.be/C6viqye6ji4&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98FAWRHwQLjV1vja2ZdWpCb

Pycon Ireland 2017 Django and GraphQL - Patrick Arminio
https://youtu.be/HebnYlIaK_0&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98FAWRHwQLjV1vja2ZdWpCb

Pycon Ireland 2017 Django, from nightmare to dream, with good tools - Stephane Wirtel
https://youtu.be/knh8a_PcKmc&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98FAWRHwQLjV1vja2ZdWpCb

Pycon Ireland 2017 Fun with WebSocket and Flask- Miguel Grinberg
https://youtu.be/Jwux1TPZUwg&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98FAWRHwQLjV1vja2ZdWpCb

Pycon Ireland 2017 Getting started with Django's Authentication System - Julia Looney
https://youtu.be/uEZwp6D_SaI&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98FAWRHwQLjV1vja2ZdWpCb

Pycon Ireland 2017 How to make a Lisp - Neal Ó Riain
https://youtu.be/0r8eIU_aJsY&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98FAWRHwQLjV1vja2ZdWpCb

Pycon Ireland 2017 Interacting with C and Rust using CFFI - Romain Guillebert
https://youtu.be/5ISvuk5pw90&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98FAWRHwQLjV1vja2ZdWpCb

Pycon Ireland 2017 Lightning Talks
https://youtu.be/Kxn3xXvBjqw&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98FAWRHwQLjV1vja2ZdWpCb

Pycon Ireland 2017 MicroPython The Next Step to World Domination - Steve Holden
https://youtu.be/2gPU2CXiphQ&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98FAWRHwQLjV1vja2ZdWpCb

Pycon Ireland 2017 Pico Rethinking how we build HTTP APIs - Fergal Walsh
https://youtu.be/3eNvHRMR6CA&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98FAWRHwQLjV1vja2ZdWpCb

Pycon Ireland 2017 Protecting Your Users from Change Pythonic Refactoring - Mark Smith
https://youtu.be/0UxaLD8cT_g&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98FAWRHwQLjV1vja2ZdWpCb

Pycon Ireland 2017 Rapid Ratings Keynote - Rewrite - Dave Lawless & Sean O'Donnell
https://youtu.be/oBTOZO9rjYQ&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98FAWRHwQLjV1vja2ZdWpCb

Pycon Ireland 2017 Recruitment Session
https://youtu.be/i7nkK2txleI&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98FAWRHwQLjV1vja2ZdWpCb

Pycon Ireland 2017 Testing in Django - Ana Balica
https://youtu.be/FV-nrCQBKKk&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98FAWRHwQLjV1vja2ZdWpCb

Pycon Ireland 2017 Text Classification with Word Vectors & Recurrent Neural Networks - Shane Lynn
https://youtu.be/KcS6nVUT3Gc&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98FAWRHwQLjV1vja2ZdWpCb

Pycon Ireland 2017 The Different Roads We Take  (Keynote)- Tracy Osborn
https://youtu.be/QT02kHG5u8Y&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98FAWRHwQLjV1vja2ZdWpCb

Pycon Ireland 2017 The Lightning Memory-Mapped Database - Howard Chu
https://youtu.be/PcQ7g9ekaCo&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98FAWRHwQLjV1vja2ZdWpCb

Pycon Ireland 2017 Two approaches to scale your processing, Task Queues and Workflows - Eoin Brazil
https://youtu.be/OY_hGTwDaSE&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98FAWRHwQLjV1vja2ZdWpCb

Pycon Ireland 2017 Understanding Customer Intent at Scale in an e-commerce Platform
https://youtu.be/aMl06NL99V0&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98FAWRHwQLjV1vja2ZdWpCb

Pycon Ireland 2017 When bugs bite – why neglecting your edge cases can kill - Lilly Ryan
https://youtu.be/OovsmodKMOE&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98FAWRHwQLjV1vja2ZdWpCb

Pycon Ireland 2017 Writing and deploying serverless Python applications - Cesar Cardenas Desales
https://youtu.be/IcuHlcPDQ3k&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98FAWRHwQLjV1vja2ZdWpCb

Pycon Ireland 2017 You look at it till a solution occurs - Brandon Rhodes
https://youtu.be/S0CU0VqcYhI&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98FAWRHwQLjV1vja2ZdWpCb
Videos 1-25