
RubyConf AU 2017 -  Reinvesting in Ruby, by Tim Riley
https://youtu.be/V8Sdg25eKlM&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3hxsmj3AnPFf3RD4f3zfUl

RubyConf AU 2017 -  So you want to become a software engineer, by Shana Moore
https://youtu.be/v8kAD9XTFwU&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3hxsmj3AnPFf3RD4f3zfUl

RubyConf AU 2017 - A Common Taxonomy of Bugs and How to Catch Them, by Kylie Stradley
https://youtu.be/0J5OWi65rTI&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3hxsmj3AnPFf3RD4f3zfUl

RubyConf AU 2017 - Actors in Ruby! Why let Elixir have all the fun, by Marcos Matos
https://youtu.be/wveC2bbFYgA&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3hxsmj3AnPFf3RD4f3zfUl

RubyConf AU 2017 - Automation Run Rampant, by Kate Deutscher
https://youtu.be/vK6qbMnl1xQ&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3hxsmj3AnPFf3RD4f3zfUl

RubyConf AU 2017 - Datacenter Fires and Other 'Minor' Disasters, by Aja Hammerly
https://youtu.be/WoTemqfZiHE&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3hxsmj3AnPFf3RD4f3zfUl

RubyConf AU 2017 - Defragging Ruby by Aaron Patterson
https://youtu.be/nAEt36XNtAE&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3hxsmj3AnPFf3RD4f3zfUl

RubyConf AU 2017 - Finding translations, localisation and internationalisation, by Valerie Woolard
https://youtu.be/mN6lynGNzxs&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3hxsmj3AnPFf3RD4f3zfUl

RubyConf AU 2017 - Functional in the front rails in the back... by Louis Simoneau & Rahul Trikha
https://youtu.be/Bd6DTg1uNe0&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3hxsmj3AnPFf3RD4f3zfUl

RubyConf AU 2017 - Functional Programming For The Anxious Developer, by Julian Doherty
https://youtu.be/3b1YhdP2fis&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3hxsmj3AnPFf3RD4f3zfUl

RubyConf AU 2017 - How does Bundler work anyway, by Andre Arko
https://youtu.be/j2V-A8vvLP0&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3hxsmj3AnPFf3RD4f3zfUl

RubyConf AU 2017 - Impactful Refactors Refactoring for Readability, by Kinsey Ann Durham
https://youtu.be/CHaKY8tTY6E&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3hxsmj3AnPFf3RD4f3zfUl

RubyConf AU 2017 - Open Source Power and the Passion, by Pat Allan
https://youtu.be/uIqcGzQO01k&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3hxsmj3AnPFf3RD4f3zfUl

RubyConf AU 2017 - Performance Optimization in Ruby, by Prathmesh Ranaut
https://youtu.be/HHRTSpFGCGg&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3hxsmj3AnPFf3RD4f3zfUl

RubyConf AU 2017 - Persistence pays off a new look at rom-rb, by Piotr Solnica
https://youtu.be/9TBvWRgll64&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3hxsmj3AnPFf3RD4f3zfUl

RubyConf AU 2017 - Ruby how a language affects its people, by Alex Coles
https://youtu.be/ybrsMpLA6u8&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3hxsmj3AnPFf3RD4f3zfUl

RubyConf AU 2017 - Ruby, HTTP2 and You, by Hiro Asari
https://youtu.be/_KFxWyJrzso&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3hxsmj3AnPFf3RD4f3zfUl

RubyConf AU 2017 - Self learning is a marathon not a sprint, by Elle Meredith
https://youtu.be/bU9QprllR3s&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3hxsmj3AnPFf3RD4f3zfUl

RubyConf AU 2017 - Simple and Awesome Database Tricks, By Barrett Clark
https://youtu.be/N08NHsyaoKM&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3hxsmj3AnPFf3RD4f3zfUl

RubyConf AU 2017 - Taking Refinery off the Rails, by Philip Arndt & Samuel Seay
https://youtu.be/aVxJ0GyD3vw&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3hxsmj3AnPFf3RD4f3zfUl

RubyConf AU 2017 - The little server that could, by Stella Cotton
https://youtu.be/Wh88DZyTiK8&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3hxsmj3AnPFf3RD4f3zfUl

RubyConf AU 2017 - The Power ‚ö°Ô∏è and Responsibility üòì of Unicode Adoption ‚ú®, by Katie McLaughlin
https://youtu.be/Acf14xTjnFA&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3hxsmj3AnPFf3RD4f3zfUl

RubyConf AU 2017 - VR backend rails vs serverless froth or future Ram Ramakrishnan & Janet Brown
https://youtu.be/E0wPImDxSt8&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3hxsmj3AnPFf3RD4f3zfUl

RubyConf AU 2017 - Writing a Gameboy emulator in Ruby, by Colby Swandale
https://youtu.be/WbO2FEpNPvQ&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3hxsmj3AnPFf3RD4f3zfUl

RubyConf AU 2017 - You and your type[s] aren't welcome here, by Andy Nicholson
https://youtu.be/gzXjqfPydFo&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3hxsmj3AnPFf3RD4f3zfUl
Videos 1-25