
Python Basics Adding Strings
https://youtu.be/AIVgi1ZXCdU&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Args
https://youtu.be/MELHO7R4YgA&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Conditional  Statements if - else pt 2
https://youtu.be/rzBp4VujpS0&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Conditional  Statements nested  if - else pt 3
https://youtu.be/rx31W3y6LDA&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Conditional Statements  True - False
https://youtu.be/nOIld_OMQL8&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics For Loop with List
https://youtu.be/3p-eT-Vsqec&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Functions in a Script file
https://youtu.be/0-yA3DOG4Pw&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Functions in Shell(IDLE)
https://youtu.be/Ajd2cpRuX2w&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Functions Part 2
https://youtu.be/13q4S6get3g&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Functions with return
https://youtu.be/jZQayL5X_WY&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics In Not In
https://youtu.be/7xZ7s2M6EIs&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Is Even Function
https://youtu.be/FI1uS1sRyis&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Keywords
https://youtu.be/S3n-ipF6m0Q&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Lists Append and Extend Methods
https://youtu.be/3_HLQfSPiZM&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Lists Method Sort
https://youtu.be/5gDs_ifF25o&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Modulo To Find The Remainder of Division
https://youtu.be/1WY5o1uluzg&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Nested For loop
https://youtu.be/LMmPuS07-f4&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Range function with a for loop
https://youtu.be/wiAMJeaUYDk&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Slicing Strings
https://youtu.be/QDg4NYQxd-k&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Strings Lower and Capitalize
https://youtu.be/_QVNzHegrcw&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Tutorial String Assignment
https://youtu.be/L130KJV8ITk&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics What Are Floats
https://youtu.be/Q5G8DA1Pano&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics What Are Integers
https://youtu.be/3okc2kiiijA&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics While Loop
https://youtu.be/c3_Pa5PackU&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f

Python Basics Why elif
https://youtu.be/VpsBRHUDkrQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAENJpyfu7y4sAhSBAGj9W53f
Videos 1-25