
A 50 minute digital transformation by Norm Young  Lightup Conference
https://youtu.be/3gF_nJjAaks&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-n5-Avcz7AiH6--Uo7AGGJV

AntiPatterns every software development team must know by Vidya Vrat Agarwal  Lightup Conference
https://youtu.be/xE0npXwaTgY&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-n5-Avcz7AiH6--Uo7AGGJV

Azure DevOps Duet by Sander Stad and Kevin Chant  Lightup Conference
https://youtu.be/Ln-DPyfh9y4&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-n5-Avcz7AiH6--Uo7AGGJV

Build Your First SharePoint Client-Side Web Part by David Patrick  Lightup Conference
https://youtu.be/sbyzo0JxXjk&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-n5-Avcz7AiH6--Uo7AGGJV

Data breach prevention and mitigation by Jasmin Azemović  LightUp Conference
https://youtu.be/PZVxV-lJMJ0&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-n5-Avcz7AiH6--Uo7AGGJV

dbatools and Power BI Walked Into a Bar by Cláudio Silva  Lightup Virtual Conference
https://youtu.be/PpWyetTotns&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-n5-Avcz7AiH6--Uo7AGGJV

dbatools and Power BI Walked Into a Bar by Cláudio Silva Lightup Conference
https://youtu.be/UPrQrd1aQIs&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-n5-Avcz7AiH6--Uo7AGGJV

Docker for the Windows Developer by Rob Richardson  Lightup Conference
https://youtu.be/ItnpMrztaYk&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-n5-Avcz7AiH6--Uo7AGGJV

Drive security enforcement across Microsoft Teams, SharePoint and Office 365 by Luzaan Lottering
https://youtu.be/ia3lTwdaS2Y&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-n5-Avcz7AiH6--Uo7AGGJV

Every Developer is Welcome open sources and development environment by Ian Choi- Lightup Conference
https://youtu.be/HQv7iqUXGX4&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-n5-Avcz7AiH6--Uo7AGGJV

Gaming with Machine Learning Introduction to Computational Game theory by Priyanka Shah  Lightup
https://youtu.be/bv7sFSeD58Q&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-n5-Avcz7AiH6--Uo7AGGJV

Grpc With .Net Core by Mangesh Gaherwar  Lightup Conference
https://youtu.be/_LLzuWsTSss&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-n5-Avcz7AiH6--Uo7AGGJV

Keynote Embracing the Digital Workplace in the age of COVID - by Stephanie Donahue & Mark Rackley
https://youtu.be/gyimO4Q4Opk&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-n5-Avcz7AiH6--Uo7AGGJV

Lightup Virtual Conference - Keynote Coordination is the Future of O365 - by Peter Ward
https://youtu.be/aV5D8J7qWAE&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-n5-Avcz7AiH6--Uo7AGGJV

Lightup Virtual Conference - Keynote Democratizing Digital - by Annie Mathew & Naveen Sharma
https://youtu.be/UH3wG3K1_-Q&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-n5-Avcz7AiH6--Uo7AGGJV

Lightup Virtual Conference - Keynote Let's change the World - by Suzanne George
https://youtu.be/F8FuPFmVZCI&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-n5-Avcz7AiH6--Uo7AGGJV

Lightup Virtual Conference - Keynote Practical AI for good - by Allen O'Neill & Richard Koh
https://youtu.be/5apfeKVXrGQ&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-n5-Avcz7AiH6--Uo7AGGJV

Lightup Virtual Conference - Welcome and Keynote
https://youtu.be/-F_qPMLW3N4&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-n5-Avcz7AiH6--Uo7AGGJV

Microsoft AI by Dipa Mehta
https://youtu.be/lATDWgbuJsQ&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-n5-Avcz7AiH6--Uo7AGGJV

Microsoft Virtual Agent by Anusuya Goud  Lightup Conference
https://youtu.be/2Mb8qL1qCbM&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-n5-Avcz7AiH6--Uo7AGGJV

Offline Web Applications Don't Exist Anymore by Francesco Leardini
https://youtu.be/fhSvt1cnD_U&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-n5-Avcz7AiH6--Uo7AGGJV

Power Of Components In Powerapps by Aakash Maurya  Lightup Conference
https://youtu.be/Fp68qv8RwTA&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-n5-Avcz7AiH6--Uo7AGGJV

Robotic Power Automation With Microsoft Power Automate by Shantha Kumar  Lightup Conference
https://youtu.be/5Ci6fVMw7gM&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-n5-Avcz7AiH6--Uo7AGGJV

Sharing and Securing Content on Microsoft Teams by Adnan Amin  Lightup Conference
https://youtu.be/oPTCp7eCzhw&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-n5-Avcz7AiH6--Uo7AGGJV

Using Graph API via Custom Connector in Power Automate by Anna Jhaveri  Lightup Virtual Conference
https://youtu.be/OYVBHTA0R0U&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-n5-Avcz7AiH6--Uo7AGGJV
Videos 1-25