
Alice Harpole, Raniere Silva, Mateusz Kuzak, Céline Boudier - Community teaching practices
https://youtu.be/pe-UgvzQuAs&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Andreas Dewes - Type Annotations in Python 3 Whats, whys & wows!
https://youtu.be/vM2Zoy4Sxhk&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Antoine Fourmy - Network visualization and automation
https://youtu.be/HUQTVbyGdHs&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Christian Heimes - Identity management, single sign-on and certificates with FreeIPA
https://youtu.be/cUQcNi_obIc&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Christian Trebing - Streaming Why should I care
https://youtu.be/N7od6k2WZGo&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Daniel Pope - Scripting across hosts with Chopsticks
https://youtu.be/f7yGOq2zyRs&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Daniele Procida - Fighting the controls tragedy and madness for programmers and pilots
https://youtu.be/AxGxaN0cOgo&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Floris Bruynooghe - Cloud Native Python in Kubernetes
https://youtu.be/ZKPMQ-Sfk8Y&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Gonzalo Rafuls - Dockerized pytests
https://youtu.be/iEKsAxUPDYY&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Hugues Lerebours, Renaud Bauvin - Inspect (Or Gadget)
https://youtu.be/xatJ9hPgYDk&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Julien Simon - AI on a Pi
https://youtu.be/Uh0-pZlvPxs&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Lightning Talks - 2017-07-13
https://youtu.be/zC2_hGYQuuk&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Maciej Gryka - Despicable machines how computers can be assholes
https://youtu.be/IUJ34MguA8M&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Mansimar Kaur - Using Python and microservices to fuel WebPush at Mozilla
https://youtu.be/xx02-yiAvgA&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Masaya Ohgushi - How to apply deep learning for 3D object
https://youtu.be/ytx_BBz1B-I&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Michał Karzyński - Developing elegant workflows in Python code with Apache Airflow
https://youtu.be/XJf-f56JbFM&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Mikhail Korobov - Explaining behavior of Machine Learning models with eli5 library
https://youtu.be/s-yT5Is1G1A&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Niklas Meinzer - When Django is too bloated - Specialized Web-Applications with Werkzeug
https://youtu.be/mXpBuELtpro&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Paul O'Grady - An introduction to PyTorch & Autograd
https://youtu.be/rrekAv9Fml4&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Rishabh Daal , IMD, Maths & Computing, IIT, Varanasi - Optimization using Flow Networks in NetworkX.
https://youtu.be/FF-dWjionCw&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Sahil Dua - How Booking.com serves Deep Learning model predictions
https://youtu.be/tTv9r0QX494&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Samuel Fuentes - Fast product development using Django Rest Framework. #lessonslearned
https://youtu.be/0hrf83ZIKw0&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Stephan Jaensch - Fixture factories for faster end-to-end tests
https://youtu.be/FxgLOY-YsTc&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Stephanie Mifsud - Optimizing queries for not so big data in PostgreSQL
https://youtu.be/b7ESi3zLL8k&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Tracy Osborn - The Different Roads We Take
https://youtu.be/gzsBMFpmCpk&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh
Videos 101-125