
Python Basics File Write Method Using Urllib
https://youtu.be/LAo9kK4APfU&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOz-z2crW7ansrHhxSyofK2

Python Basics GCD Best Practice
https://youtu.be/2Z1LLsUg6sY&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOz-z2crW7ansrHhxSyofK2

Python Basics GCD Part 1
https://youtu.be/Zvrn7_IsBaM&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOz-z2crW7ansrHhxSyofK2

Python Basics Gcd pt 2
https://youtu.be/pxMtT97g-3I&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOz-z2crW7ansrHhxSyofK2

Python Basics Gcd pt 3
https://youtu.be/Ct6_Nf4Dh_A&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOz-z2crW7ansrHhxSyofK2

Python Basics Generator Objects
https://youtu.be/PzV-_lQQ2x8&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOz-z2crW7ansrHhxSyofK2

Python Basics Keyword As
https://youtu.be/_zDYaZ5HWQI&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOz-z2crW7ansrHhxSyofK2

Python Basics Keyword Del Pt 2
https://youtu.be/l440I9hh_Nw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOz-z2crW7ansrHhxSyofK2

Python Basics Keyword Del
https://youtu.be/EIR20c9BWT0&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOz-z2crW7ansrHhxSyofK2

Python Basics Keyword Pass
https://youtu.be/MAcCBAL9wFY&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOz-z2crW7ansrHhxSyofK2

Python Basics Keyword With
https://youtu.be/j1KOaArteEw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOz-z2crW7ansrHhxSyofK2

Python Basics Keywords And Or
https://youtu.be/3mbw4bGp8mo&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOz-z2crW7ansrHhxSyofK2

Python Basics Lambda
https://youtu.be/JIle-V_5TUE&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOz-z2crW7ansrHhxSyofK2

Python Basics Len with For Loop with Break
https://youtu.be/fekSpfbHlEg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOz-z2crW7ansrHhxSyofK2

Python Basics Monty Hall Odds Pt  2
https://youtu.be/IGQw2qwyTUA&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOz-z2crW7ansrHhxSyofK2

Python Basics Monty Hall Odds Pt  3
https://youtu.be/o9XLyc3WWoI&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOz-z2crW7ansrHhxSyofK2

Python Basics Monty Hall OddsPt  1
https://youtu.be/8mbor291w2E&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOz-z2crW7ansrHhxSyofK2

Python Basics NoneType
https://youtu.be/e8jkaqbEv5c&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOz-z2crW7ansrHhxSyofK2

Python Basics Scope Built-in or Global Variables
https://youtu.be/XI9HhuP6u2o&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOz-z2crW7ansrHhxSyofK2

Python Basics Scope Local and Global Variables
https://youtu.be/D18izsX-IPM&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOz-z2crW7ansrHhxSyofK2

Python Basics Scope Nonlocal Variables
https://youtu.be/OaoswUojMqE&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOz-z2crW7ansrHhxSyofK2

Python Basics Shopping List Pt 1
https://youtu.be/Ebgw7yQVwWw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOz-z2crW7ansrHhxSyofK2

Python Basics Shopping List Pt 2
https://youtu.be/So4rxTBcnvo&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOz-z2crW7ansrHhxSyofK2

Python Basics Sort List of Lists pt 3
https://youtu.be/1g0ne8YC4BA&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOz-z2crW7ansrHhxSyofK2

Python Basics Sort List of Lists Uncut
https://youtu.be/oReW9YQc3DE&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOz-z2crW7ansrHhxSyofK2
Videos 1-25