
Agile is NOT a process! by Steve Pitchford
https://youtu.be/srbD1_oQDks&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Automating resilience testing with Docker and Property Based testing by Daniel Lebrero
https://youtu.be/vt5p1qflM3U&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Cloud Native with Kubernetes by Burr Sutter
https://youtu.be/T7QupV90OZ0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Data Science Is Easy Right by Ian Sharp
https://youtu.be/7HGr4cZ4tqo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Deep into the IoT trenches how to build a connected product by Jeroen Mols
https://youtu.be/rZ4b7UxE920&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Deploy microservice using Amazon Web Services S3, API Gateway, Lambda and Couchbase by Arun Gupta
https://youtu.be/eT4EaU2mfL0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Exploring Deep Learning AI in the Cloud by Tara Walker
https://youtu.be/s_wB_vcMvjc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Fostering an evolving architecture in the agile world by Roy van Rijn
https://youtu.be/FyVnL1bfYfw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

From 8-bits to Qubits by Chris Sharp
https://youtu.be/BV7ZauPvlyc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Front Ends for Back End Developers by Matt Raible
https://youtu.be/AjzyV8BraIs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Home Automation in Practice - A State of the (non) Union by Dan Hardiker
https://youtu.be/Wh8VeejnSyE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Machine Learning as an API easy ways to add intelligence to your web app by Sara Robinson
https://youtu.be/8ZjQqyxghto&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Manchester MegaPixel by Katie Steckles
https://youtu.be/HAoWBc95sK4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Private video
https://youtu.be/3wAO-w79Evw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Publishing Courses Online Whatâ€™s in it for me by Koffi Alain Sessi & Arun Gupta
https://youtu.be/ljh2h4W3mAA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Security for the masses, how to stop preaching to the choir and get involved! by Siren Hofvander
https://youtu.be/9jbutdvnzQs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Test-driving modern web apps. At scale. by Jan Molak
https://youtu.be/5khpkaBPdcQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

The Case for Kotlin and Ceylon by Russel Winder
https://youtu.be/cFL_DDXBkJQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

User Stories Refactoring by Kasia Mrowca
https://youtu.be/suSNBk1vnhE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Using the JVM as a platform for smart contracts & cryptocurrency by Ben Evans
https://youtu.be/2vE4RO_umKc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

What can we learn from 750 billion GitHub events and 42 TB of code by Felipe Hoffa
https://youtu.be/QuCugLgzP3E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT
Videos 76-96