
Authentication and Authorization with Payara and MicroProfile JWT
https://youtu.be/ozQzsVxFfXU&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Building Microservices on OpenShift with Jenkins Pipelines
https://youtu.be/ImSuIoRcm-Y&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Combining Serverless Functions with CDI
https://youtu.be/KzdD5AmQGmk&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Deploying a ThinWAR to OpenShift with Payara and S2I
https://youtu.be/_23CgD7bsUc&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Deploying and Configuring  a Payara Micro s2i ThinWAR to OpenShift
https://youtu.be/BdXcSgSDjAs&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

FN Functions with JSON-P Parameters
https://youtu.be/I0l3XaORmKU&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Java EE Monitoring With firehose and prometheus.io
https://youtu.be/_FW5472xTmQ&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Lightning fast builds and deployments with ThinWARs
https://youtu.be/_c8ZkSSpdWI&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

MicroProfile OpenTracing with Jaeger and Quarkus
https://youtu.be/iqHcTmqj-mo&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Monitoring Java EE Servers with Prometheus and Payara
https://youtu.be/Pww-8WxsXJA&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Native JAX-RS  CDI Executables
https://youtu.be/yv74VpKM7co&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Pushing and Scaling a Full Blown Java EE Payara to OpenShift
https://youtu.be/3KoxCNdEPyI&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Pushing Java EE 78 To Oracle Container Cloud Service
https://youtu.be/6cVHeEeKLSI&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Pushing Java EE Thin WARs To The Clouds
https://youtu.be/0AJyZ9i915k&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Pushing Java EE To Amazon ECS  ECR
https://youtu.be/KpPuGgMzReM&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

QuarkEE --  quarkus.io quickstarter
https://youtu.be/2X1wGHyHvA4&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Quarkus vs. Wildfly - The RAM Perspective
https://youtu.be/euFOeb6Gabg&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

quarkus.io as ThinJAR on docker
https://youtu.be/JSSoGaspoKE&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Scaling JVM vs. Native--From Zero to 20 and Back
https://youtu.be/8dXRyPHo-Z4&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Securing JAX-RS Endpoint with JWT
https://youtu.be/twXqCoYQ16c&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Serverless Java with Java Function Developer Kit (FDK)
https://youtu.be/eWvj8ZVE5To&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD

Supersonic, Subatomic CDI and JAX-RS with quarkus.io
https://youtu.be/G0sQFy_5xQc&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs_mzUwlTtpswa8t0LqGzRAD
Videos 26-47