
10 Asciidoc Tips from Andres Almiray
https://youtu.be/dEE09B4lj3k

Bert Jan Schrijver on Decoding the Air
https://youtu.be/ofzjb2xoz_k

Brian Spendolini discussing Oracle Database Cloud Services
https://youtu.be/VsKAdFVniws

Carola Lilienthal on Technical Debt
https://youtu.be/ogh1Q3ydbGo

Dan Koloski discussing Oracle Management Cloud (OMC)
https://youtu.be/Wwim9DZuHPs

David Blevins on Java EE Connectors
https://youtu.be/KxE8N7doUwU

David Blevins Presenting to JUG Darmstadt
https://youtu.be/5wX8RmBHMVY

DukeScript and Duke Sewing with Toni Epple
https://youtu.be/JX4gePM0pVA

Eberhard Wolff on Microservices
https://youtu.be/bKWqdhEAdCA

Heather VanCura interviewing Java EE Experts
https://youtu.be/iEdyjG49zNk

Interview with Nicolas Rigaud and NAO
https://youtu.be/E1PcAjWtXd4

Ivar Grimstad on JMS 2.1
https://youtu.be/D61EGZbwNnc

JUG Bodensee - Putting Hypermedia back in REST
https://youtu.be/y9GmYhqV3Ds

JUG Bodensee - RetroPi Handheld Java Gaming
https://youtu.be/KlcPtXCgzkI

JUG Bodensee Member Interviews
https://youtu.be/fGLUjAoou0o

Keynote - Retro Gaming with Java, JavaFX, and Raspberry Pi
https://youtu.be/EhUGQZV-G-c

Kirk Pepperdine on the G1 Garbage Collector
https://youtu.be/XsySaAxP-a4

Live from JavaLand - Terminator meets Minority Report (Augmented Reality)
https://youtu.be/61X_hRvJLMo

Madras JUG Developer Day Intro
https://youtu.be/JRvVP5b1yr0

Mike Lawson discussing Oracle Application Container Cloud
https://youtu.be/VPR5Nne68xA

Mike Lawson discussing Oracle Mobile Cloud Service
https://youtu.be/Ls8gOiEff-U

NightHacking Germany Tour Overview
https://youtu.be/EDVuHIEiD0M

NightHacking with Toni Epple Audience Intro
https://youtu.be/xm674xvcyAE

RetroPi Java Console Interview
https://youtu.be/vOx2D5llkDs

Toni Epple on DukeScript
https://youtu.be/KnJt2LUPv68
Videos 226-250