
RustCon Asia 2019 - Ilya Baryshnikov Improving web app with Rust and WASM
https://youtu.be/C10gSyxO4i4&list=PL85XCvVPmGQjPvweRqkBgnh_HKE5MBB8x

RustCon Asia 2019 - Nick Cameron Making Rust Delightful
https://youtu.be/YSEx8wtlPWc&list=PL85XCvVPmGQjPvweRqkBgnh_HKE5MBB8x

RustCon Asia 2019 - Nick Cameron Words from the Core Team
https://youtu.be/xC0SaWCEsRw&list=PL85XCvVPmGQjPvweRqkBgnh_HKE5MBB8x

RustCon Asia 2019 - Ravi Shankar How Rust taught me to think about systems
https://youtu.be/qmk3NGooDYI&list=PL85XCvVPmGQjPvweRqkBgnh_HKE5MBB8x

[Chinese] RustCon Asia 2019 - Alex How to learn Rust Efficiently
https://youtu.be/Wckt95rYpxE&list=PL85XCvVPmGQjPvweRqkBgnh_HKE5MBB8x

[Chinese] RustCon Asia 2019 - bhuztez Rust for competitive programming
https://youtu.be/MFzWcFF-dE8&list=PL85XCvVPmGQjPvweRqkBgnh_HKE5MBB8x

[Chinese] RustCon Asia 2019 - Daniel Lv Why RustCon Asia
https://youtu.be/tUkLrFQkCio&list=PL85XCvVPmGQjPvweRqkBgnh_HKE5MBB8x

[Chinese] RustCon Asia 2019 - Ding Yu Rust in Baidu Security
https://youtu.be/p-WyVRdMtkg&list=PL85XCvVPmGQjPvweRqkBgnh_HKE5MBB8x

[Chinese] RustCon Asia 2019 - driftluo Implementing a p2p network framework
https://youtu.be/Sijf3KjM1gE&list=PL85XCvVPmGQjPvweRqkBgnh_HKE5MBB8x

[Chinese] RustCon Asia 2019 - Huang Xudong Stackful coroutine based rust async story
https://youtu.be/sr3vgTfw7MY&list=PL85XCvVPmGQjPvweRqkBgnh_HKE5MBB8x

[Chinese] RustCon Asia 2019 - Jing Yiming Cargo meets Autotools
https://youtu.be/C3GESQ_uxog&list=PL85XCvVPmGQjPvweRqkBgnh_HKE5MBB8x

[Chinese] RustCon Asia 2019 - Qu Peng Futures in TiKV
https://youtu.be/qApDY582DEs&list=PL85XCvVPmGQjPvweRqkBgnh_HKE5MBB8x

[Chinese] RustCon Asia 2019 - RobotXY Be Fearless Using Rust in Production
https://youtu.be/pdv9lv5Iw4w&list=PL85XCvVPmGQjPvweRqkBgnh_HKE5MBB8x

[Chinese] RustCon Asia 2019 - Sun Mingshen Linux From Scratch in Rust
https://youtu.be/jVxBKW4frKE&list=PL85XCvVPmGQjPvweRqkBgnh_HKE5MBB8x

[Chinese] RustCon Asia 2019 - Sun Xiaoguang Search Engine in production with Rust
https://youtu.be/SluBJgFygSY&list=PL85XCvVPmGQjPvweRqkBgnh_HKE5MBB8x

[Chinese] RustCon Asia 2019 - Tang Liu Rust in PingCAP
https://youtu.be/Y_WgBfnaP3M&list=PL85XCvVPmGQjPvweRqkBgnh_HKE5MBB8x

[Chinese] RustCon Asia 2019 - WaySLOG & hawkingrei Rust at Bilibili
https://youtu.be/Jy99Epnqgqw&list=PL85XCvVPmGQjPvweRqkBgnh_HKE5MBB8x

[Chinese] RustCon Asia 2019 - Xidorn Quan ReZero - writing a custom derive
https://youtu.be/Crz_h3egAPM&list=PL85XCvVPmGQjPvweRqkBgnh_HKE5MBB8x

[Chinese] RustCon Asia 2019 - Zimon Dai Distributed Actor System in Rust
https://youtu.be/Erv_zq9sfRc&list=PL85XCvVPmGQjPvweRqkBgnh_HKE5MBB8x

[Chinese] RustCon Asia 2019 -Tang Wei Implementing a secp256k1 library in pure Rust
https://youtu.be/_GPYAEVkErk&list=PL85XCvVPmGQjPvweRqkBgnh_HKE5MBB8x
RustCon Asia 2019