
16th airhacks.tv Questions And Answers
https://youtu.be/BGVdSVSjisg

17th airhacks.tv Questions And Answers
https://youtu.be/pGHKPKpoVIQ

18th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/NSGPW32_d-4

19th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/sYgjP4naC8U

20th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/cWD0a7f3YxY

21st airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/SPsq6gy4vA0

22nd airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/wnL4C1wCeMo

23rd airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/Q5xWjkUJsfE

24th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/IJY2AJ61kVw

A Note On Java EE Testing
https://youtu.be/x4Fxur-0SB0

enhydrator - types and filters
https://youtu.be/O8D9hVRHjTQ

Enhydrator Mapping Rows to POJOs
https://youtu.be/L-jjYTm1xI8

Introducing Project Airfield
https://youtu.be/mEMzM8B1E74

Java EE Q&A For JUG Gothenborg
https://youtu.be/0X5cQhv4lns

loadr chaining deployment and system tests
https://youtu.be/leznAGoCeNo

loadr CLI
https://youtu.be/A3-13avaG0M

Merry Christmas
https://youtu.be/mAn4PCpSnW8

Talking To WebSockets From Java
https://youtu.be/X2R_Iyga88E

The Memory Usage of Java EE 7 Application Servers Running On Docker
https://youtu.be/i-r9bU3y3Y0

The Overhead Of Java EE Application Servers
https://youtu.be/OSERh3l1vK8

Thin WARs, Java EE 7, Docker and Productivity
https://youtu.be/5N4EUDhrkec

UMEA Java User Group (JUG) Session
https://youtu.be/VkcLpRs0i0g

What Is Faster EJBs or CDI
https://youtu.be/6Gm0u9gX56w

Writing and Reading XML with JAXB
https://youtu.be/4iFHtnYXBtw

Writing POJOs To XML Without Annotations
https://youtu.be/iMJPPlrKSec
Videos 251-275