
A Complete Waste of Time - Chet Haase
https://youtu.be/IEQj8ZxHejo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Architect's Guide to Frontend Frameworks - Tomasz Ducin
https://youtu.be/HI2vFGxiwkM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Automated tests You won't find it in a book! - Jacek Milewski
https://youtu.be/PQe8VruXipc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Be a Kubernetes master without ever leaving your code, debugger, and IntelliJ - Ivan Portyankin
https://youtu.be/PADTTmobN-M&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Centralized Logging Patterns - Philipp Krenn
https://youtu.be/_V-x6_uj91Y&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Code Shrinking Techniques with Jakarta EE and MicroProfile #slideless - Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/FKYetddHz1E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Event Sourcing - You are doing it wrong - David Schmitz
https://youtu.be/rdB9Q8GouKI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Functional Programming in Kotlin - Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/pFbDZQ9M76Y&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Gauge + Taiko BDD for Web Revived - Dmitry Vinnik
https://youtu.be/eTUSYiJYL1s&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

GraphQL in Java World, let's go for a dive - Vladimir Dejanović
https://youtu.be/5_uSpiXCeMI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Hystrix is dead, now what - Tomasz Skowroński
https://youtu.be/gvDvOWtPLVY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Live Hack Finding Security Vulnerabilities Before They Find You! - Simon Maple
https://youtu.be/rmvPST5xVbo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Living between Agile culture and DevOps mindset - how to make an impact ... - Tomasz Manugiewicz
https://youtu.be/ftn6he5n6HM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Micro frontends extending service-oriented architecture to frontend development - Jakub Sowiński
https://youtu.be/Il9O2vchlRg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Micronaut, Dragon-Slayer (Springboot) or just another framework - Vladimir Dejanović
https://youtu.be/utfX9jZmv2A&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Mixed Paradigms The Method to Madness - Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/n8wu1OBcriw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

New opportunities for Java developers with GraalVM - Oleg Šelajev
https://youtu.be/hp-DekN3yMo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Quarkus - a next generation Java runtime - Michał Szynkiewicz, Martin Kouba
https://youtu.be/g9l0l4Jrwl0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Reactive for the Impatient - A Gentle Intro to Reactive Programming and Systems - Mary Grygleski
https://youtu.be/mNNrhu7YHcM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Reactive Hardcore. How to build a Publisher and implement own Project Reactor - Oleh Dokuka [13]
https://youtu.be/OdSZ6mOQDcY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Semantic Event Sourcing case study of moving from CRUD to log based state management - Neil Boddy
https://youtu.be/uNodMFBgsDs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Talk to me nicely - how to communicate your ideas and speed up your career - Piotr Stawirej
https://youtu.be/0S65eYd6c3o&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Testing Your Message-Driven Application - Marcin Grzejszczak, Jakub Pilimon
https://youtu.be/QZxtZC22uTs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

The ultimate introduction to Kubernetes - Pascal Naber
https://youtu.be/HUW-VZ9OEos&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW

Write better functional Java Code - Brian Vermeer
https://youtu.be/2vCQPI6RXQ8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqUucetXQ13Ui46K54YzQYW
Videos 1-25