
15 Years of JVMs with Marcus and Attila at JCrete
https://youtu.be/RDRNCERJuYs

20 Years of Java Panel
https://youtu.be/Iu_zkGNUfWM

3D Printing at JCrete
https://youtu.be/OPApMGFZ7gs

Adopt-a-JSR NightHackingvJUG Sessions
https://youtu.be/Iw5C9mrv5Vg

Brian Goetz on Generic Specialization
https://youtu.be/TkpcuL1t1lY

Bruno Souza and Edson Yanaga on DevOps and Java
https://youtu.be/UqToaBSFXG8

Charles Nutter on Coding Fast as C
https://youtu.be/-VGoaZiaNfQ

Charlie Gracie on Polyglot Runtimes
https://youtu.be/C7TIFYL8wzQ

Ed Burns on JSF 2.3 and Servlet 4.0
https://youtu.be/LftuYJ848E4

Interview with Vinicius and Yara Senger on the Internet of Things
https://youtu.be/D7YBKkCXFSY

Ixchel Ruiz on running Hackergartens
https://youtu.be/T8ZU9PEOERg

Java Champions Uncensored at JCrete
https://youtu.be/C7zVOQggRaw

JCrete Introduction
https://youtu.be/2ZVwBGlvKs8

JITWatch Live Coding at JCrete
https://youtu.be/Fn30SozvaqI

JUG participation in Adopt-a-JSR
https://youtu.be/eaApttnVfOw

Leading Technical Projects
https://youtu.be/7TaFXuIuilg

Lego Kids Workshop Demo
https://youtu.be/JNNGC62DL6E

Nitsin Wakart on Lock Free Queues
https://youtu.be/Kwuenc35c_Q

Pedro Carrijo and Bruno Souza
https://youtu.be/JQOLg-KsEbY

Powerful Tools in the Oracle JDK at JCrete
https://youtu.be/Kr6r0pwluOA

RIFD Project
https://youtu.be/_jnJiTKvWDo

Ruslan Synytsky
https://youtu.be/DNTUTAXIA_0

Sarah White on Documentation
https://youtu.be/q88qG94h5D8

Tomasz Nurkiewicz on Asynchronous Processing
https://youtu.be/596RKKhvZG8

Unsafe Discussion at JCrete
https://youtu.be/Np-sSsxS33Q
Videos 276-300