
After learning the basics of Python, how do I get started with real projects
https://youtu.be/8x2A5Ih1oIg

Contributing to Open-Source Projects as a New Python Developer How to Do It
https://youtu.be/jTTf4oLkvaM

Functional Programming in Python Immutable Data Structures
https://youtu.be/xJCPpDlk9_w

Functional Programming in Python Parallel Processing with concurrent.futures
https://youtu.be/0NNV8FDuck8

Functional Programming in Python Parallel Processing with multiprocessing
https://youtu.be/aysceqdGFw8

Functional Programming in Python The filter() Function
https://youtu.be/fkjjqyfN51c

Functional Programming in Python The map() Function
https://youtu.be/powVeMYKCSw

Functional Programming in Python The reduce() Function
https://youtu.be/ZrZ6vJGiE8I

How can you get a job as junior Python developer without experience
https://youtu.be/ZF_ECl9aIKA

How is Python going to evolve over the next 5-10 years
https://youtu.be/HYU7xVkP6-Q

How to set up Python code highlighting in your terminal
https://youtu.be/cg_3E3Cb3MA

How to write code that works on both Python 2 and Python 3
https://youtu.be/3StNdhmnR2o

Inspecting Python Modules and Classes With dir() And help()
https://youtu.be/ldzac4Qu-f4

Is Python slower than Java and how to optimize its performance
https://youtu.be/EGNOMb1vS3U

Job Security as a Python Developer What If Python Goes Away üòüüêç
https://youtu.be/HL_HOeN_oHo

Learn Coding as an Absolute Beginner Where to Start ü§î
https://youtu.be/NWIkWv66yAU

Python Plugin System Load Modules Dynamically With importlib
https://youtu.be/cbot48lckOs

Python Refactoring while True Infinite Loops & The input Function
https://youtu.be/ez-qYc0NlMk

Python Tutorial How To Check if a File or Directory Exists
https://youtu.be/DvZTW5g82pQ

Python vs Java and C++ in video game development
https://youtu.be/MFG2lWHBo6c

What Python Projects Should I Build to Get a Job
https://youtu.be/p-89r5QvQvQ

What's the best Python coding interview book
https://youtu.be/ovi5J5XK40s

Working Effectively with Python Virtual Environments (Virtualenv)
https://youtu.be/8KWVEc6vFgA

üêçüéì Algorithms and Data Structures Knowledge to Get a Python Job
https://youtu.be/BnyKBf9BwJE

üíª 2017 Apple MacBook Pro 13 ‚Äî Review for Software Developers
https://youtu.be/z9V3giX_Brc
Videos 326-350