
15 Years of Spring in 15 Minutes by Juergen Hoeller
https://youtu.be/bifohFDhJBk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

An instruction set for the web by Alex Rickabaugh
https://youtu.be/lg7l8quJuS4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Architecting with blockchain for dummies by Pim Otte
https://youtu.be/yELzwKttdKY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Boost your teamwork with Randoris by Philippe Bourgau
https://youtu.be/CDvZSk0dXbg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Data in a Microservices world from conundrum to options by Emmanuel Bernard, Madou Coulibaly
https://youtu.be/7gUwdAtLWhY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Developers, you should stop estimating your tasks! #noEstimates by Julien TopcÌ§u
https://youtu.be/Ub2qhENLU3w&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Diversity and Inclusion Beyond Women in Tech by Heather VanCura
https://youtu.be/Ws99XlBzOqA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Evil Inspiration for Kotlin by Simon Schell
https://youtu.be/UKEYx81VQQ8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

From Java EE to Jakarta EE   by Dmitry Kornilov
https://youtu.be/z-lcl8n0ZF4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Go - one language you should try by Andrzej Grzesik
https://youtu.be/eMsntC38j_c&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Into the unknown The power of admitting we don't know  yet by Nathan Murados
https://youtu.be/gsfz4p4ddAw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Istio, we have a problem! Understanding and fixing bugs with a service mesh  by  David Gageot
https://youtu.be/9Jb3WFTl_zY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Keeping your head cool with a serverless voice controlled fan by Paco van Beckhoven
https://youtu.be/BBQaRU4kn8w&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Monolith 2 MicroServices   Houston we've got a problem ! by Mike Francois
https://youtu.be/pZmeRLQdjDU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Optimising Kubernetes deployments with Helm by Erwin de Gier
https://youtu.be/TXZBuBQpm-Q&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Panama A Foreign Policy for Java by Maurizio Cimadamore
https://youtu.be/cfxBrYud9KM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Production Profiling What, Why and How by RIchard Warburton, Sadiq Jaffer
https://youtu.be/mtD8hI2jXkI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Project Jigsaw and OSGI Microkernel architecture in the spotlight by Ana maria Mihalceanu
https://youtu.be/-xCT95Q0aJs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

project versioning like a git by Matthieu Brouillard
https://youtu.be/mQmH_Ws9GFI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Rethinking enterprise architecture for DevOps, agile, & cloud native organizations by Michael Cote
https://youtu.be/2UquXJsbr9M&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Spearheading the future of programming Keynote by Venkat Subramaniam 4
https://youtu.be/tsLkFeMMLuM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

The Devoxx Belgium 2018 opening keynote
https://youtu.be/2-qzwOhLQEE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

The dyslexic programmer, creativity did not kill the cat by  Pieter Van Der Meer
https://youtu.be/K1tH6W8qylc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

The Internet of Drums by Piet van Dongen
https://youtu.be/8HXrImzXiu4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

To JAR Hell And Back   A Live Migration to Java 11 by Nicolai Parlog
https://youtu.be/xKmv24_2Asw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH
Videos 101-125