
Python Basics Import 
https://youtu.be/hg0XGM89IzA&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Print Sep Default
https://youtu.be/lDzckGRkBZc&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Sqlite Database Viewer
https://youtu.be/uS-VubfqaAA&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Tutorial Break and Continue To Control Loop
https://youtu.be/2LVse5FMfVk&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Tutorial Can You Replicate the Code
https://youtu.be/b3ATq2sXrqI&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Tutorial Dictionary Print Formatting  Fstring Formatting
https://youtu.be/_O_HHQGc2RA&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Tutorial For Loop Control
https://youtu.be/uHfC5Qu0Nms&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Tutorial Handle Import Circular Error
https://youtu.be/ip6uuM_kix4&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Tutorial How Does This Work
https://youtu.be/NdsLokw-C4U&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Tutorial How to Handle Unlimited Number Of Variables
https://youtu.be/paD8X1426i0&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Tutorial How to Make a Copy Of A List
https://youtu.be/s-iega_17-I&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Tutorial How to Solve A Programming Problem
https://youtu.be/l1rdc2aNeBs&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Tutorial How to Solve a Variable Scope Problem
https://youtu.be/8Rgmb5m78Us&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Tutorial Pip Install With Multiple Versions of Python
https://youtu.be/0qpcz7k61aE&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Tutorial Python Trick Partial Splat Unpacking
https://youtu.be/kaWhg7FWXMs&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Tutorial Quotes and Apostrophe in a String
https://youtu.be/vdLRKi-7VCU&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Tutorial Repeat Pattern With One For Loop
https://youtu.be/s7xZ8ugvYhU&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Tutorial Share Challenge Help Someone Else
https://youtu.be/8U4P1gEPW28&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Unpack Dictionary with Items Method
https://youtu.be/AJ9mi2pk7jw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics What is __main__ 
https://youtu.be/veRoDHVaAeg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT
Videos 26-45