
Python Basics 16,000 Views
https://youtu.be/oyM_NLqP0bs&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics 1K Views Random Seed
https://youtu.be/3bhhizX6ytA&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics 200 Subs
https://youtu.be/yfQjFIWTteg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Built in Repr Function
https://youtu.be/cY51xd_WBRk&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Comment Un-comment Code
https://youtu.be/lK9ACfKkTAc&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Itertools Dropwhile Method
https://youtu.be/uhusuA_o5mE&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Itertools Groupby Method
https://youtu.be/ZqPKCNKvzbk&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Itertools Tee Method
https://youtu.be/FpqS-hTNPDw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Matplotlib Pyplot Figure Object
https://youtu.be/pLPgvYlAAKA&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Matplotlib Pyplot Text Method
https://youtu.be/6bHUzjjqTRQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Matplotlib Pyplot Title Function
https://youtu.be/Or_ZECfyC48&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Os Path Abspath Method
https://youtu.be/U1CBgRJ6ARU&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics OS Path Basename Method
https://youtu.be/DjPiam25XGU&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Os Path Dirname Method
https://youtu.be/jDJvnlNnAJU&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Os Path Split Method
https://youtu.be/-rkXRAzanNY&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Pandas and Numpy
https://youtu.be/zF_VQpSo168&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Playlists
https://youtu.be/v2zLxTeQ7tY&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Pop Quiz #2 Answer
https://youtu.be/ttmYgah6Nms&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Pop Quiz #2
https://youtu.be/sqhUnBxTP5I&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Pygame Font Render Method
https://youtu.be/4S-hT8GeFH0&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Pygame font SysFont Function
https://youtu.be/rLltocCtrIU&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics When you are stuck
https://youtu.be/6sqAF28XZGc&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Zipfile is zipfile Method
https://youtu.be/JH6FrAxtR3c&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics Zipfile Module
https://youtu.be/--bYxLsG0qA&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L

Python Basics __str__ Method
https://youtu.be/iyrkd_LFdP8&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOwZztZ04cqoUT08r6NGP0L
Videos 26-50