
Python Basics 25 Horse Race Test Pt 1
https://youtu.be/TSrQMFTf94E

Python Basics 25 Horse Race Test pt 2
https://youtu.be/qS8hUo84HX4

Python Basics 25 Horse Race Test pt 3
https://youtu.be/jxL9LmrS2SI

Python Basics 25 Horse Race Test Uncut
https://youtu.be/TDRHNEbvvYs

Python Basics Better Than Average Full
https://youtu.be/61BSiv3w2bg

Python Basics Better than average pt 3
https://youtu.be/gzAGTTe0d2M

Python Basics Built-in Sorted Function
https://youtu.be/Hk8ZtsdrBAU

Python Basics Doc String
https://youtu.be/aCswFZ0L-Fg

Python Basics Keyword Del Pt 2
https://youtu.be/l440I9hh_Nw

Python Basics Keyword Del
https://youtu.be/EIR20c9BWT0

Python Basics Lambda
https://youtu.be/JIle-V_5TUE

Python Basics List Index Method
https://youtu.be/usi6-H3F2jw

Python Basics Longest Substring pt 1
https://youtu.be/s7DuhqgJWKA

Python Basics Longest Substring pt 2
https://youtu.be/30RpOIJ6IQM

Python Basics Longest Substring Uncut
https://youtu.be/TxyWZ3pEcjU

Python Basics Random Shuffle
https://youtu.be/Jiv9zVeIRBY

Python Basics Re Module Pt  1
https://youtu.be/Qa10ieyKPMM

Python Basics Sort List of Lists pt 2
https://youtu.be/YuNXepZjkTU

Python Basics Sort List of Lists pt 3
https://youtu.be/1g0ne8YC4BA

Python Basics Sort List of Lists Pt. 1
https://youtu.be/SrSfRvyaueg

Python Basics Sort List of Lists Uncut
https://youtu.be/oReW9YQc3DE

Python Basics String Module Pt. 2
https://youtu.be/K2ZhI2aRDOU

Python Basics Sum All Positive Numbers
https://youtu.be/30nPCSkVPgA

Python Basics SyntaxError
https://youtu.be/4JpAIrwDVmo

Python Basics Variable Rules
https://youtu.be/kE2rIrKILE4
Videos 851-875