
[VDM19 - Keynote] The Importance of Fun in the Workplace by Holly Cummins
https://youtu.be/t6HzhD2_id8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpfbaiBoeCOCMCWxSTuuZ5c

[VDM19] 20 minuti di zappa e non ci pensi pi√π by Daniel Depaoli
https://youtu.be/SD0zPi0W3o0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpfbaiBoeCOCMCWxSTuuZ5c

[VDM19] A Machine learning mood-o-meter by Sam Reghenzi
https://youtu.be/snlafdPqUTU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpfbaiBoeCOCMCWxSTuuZ5c

[VDM19] Anatomy of a production grade Kubernetes cluster by Jacopo Nardiello
https://youtu.be/BI1V0Za-6yU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpfbaiBoeCOCMCWxSTuuZ5c

[VDM19] Asciidoctor because writing docs does not have to suck by Adres Almiray
https://youtu.be/290zVUmSEJQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpfbaiBoeCOCMCWxSTuuZ5c

[VDM19] Being agile in a 1000+ employee distributed company by Patroklos Papapetrou
https://youtu.be/P_P-Yy_CHf4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpfbaiBoeCOCMCWxSTuuZ5c

[VDM19] Boosting your applications with distributed cachesdatagrids by Katia Aresti
https://youtu.be/cZtV5i-o8YA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpfbaiBoeCOCMCWxSTuuZ5c

[VDM19] Concurrent Garbage Collectors ZGC & Shenandoah by Simone Bordet
https://youtu.be/0ytAwK7CKCE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpfbaiBoeCOCMCWxSTuuZ5c

[VDM19] Deep Learning con DL4J e Apache Spark by Guglielmo iozzia
https://youtu.be/sZK3rJJwloE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpfbaiBoeCOCMCWxSTuuZ5c

[VDM19] Enough java.lang.String to Hang Ourselves ... by Heinz Kabutz
https://youtu.be/z3yu1kjtcok&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpfbaiBoeCOCMCWxSTuuZ5c

[VDM19] How to not do benchmarking by Francesco Nigro
https://youtu.be/oPAvEjVRkFc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpfbaiBoeCOCMCWxSTuuZ5c

[VDM19] HPC green computing relationships among throughput and latency by Tullio Menga
https://youtu.be/uBCBKDEwKcY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpfbaiBoeCOCMCWxSTuuZ5c

[VDM19] Integration tests & testContainers by Ixchel Ruiz
https://youtu.be/AGgreibP8Uo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpfbaiBoeCOCMCWxSTuuZ5c

[VDM19] Interaction Protocols It's all about good manners by Martin Thompson
https://youtu.be/tycLaXaeD54&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpfbaiBoeCOCMCWxSTuuZ5c

[VDM19] Mastering GraalVM booting Hibernate ORM in 5ms and 15MB total memory by Sanne Grinovero
https://youtu.be/10j4gpyk5r8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpfbaiBoeCOCMCWxSTuuZ5c

[VDM19] Performance tuning Twitter services with Graal and Machine Learning by Chris Thalinger
https://youtu.be/RG9Ne2tkRuQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpfbaiBoeCOCMCWxSTuuZ5c

[VDM19] Serverless with Knative by Mete Atamel
https://youtu.be/bev3kbx4GtQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpfbaiBoeCOCMCWxSTuuZ5c

[VDM19] Taking Serverless to the Next Level by Danilo Poccia
https://youtu.be/idq8-io0zRQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpfbaiBoeCOCMCWxSTuuZ5c

[VDM19] TDD on Legacy Code by Andrea Francia
https://youtu.be/y1XnZkIRCJk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpfbaiBoeCOCMCWxSTuuZ5c

[VDM19] TFW when your country is funding Open Source development by Riccardo Magliocchetti
https://youtu.be/l29WiLOsxFI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpfbaiBoeCOCMCWxSTuuZ5c

[VDM19] The 4 Rules of Simple Design In Functional Programming by Uberto Barbini
https://youtu.be/WMoG4POPZ98&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpfbaiBoeCOCMCWxSTuuZ5c

[VDM19] TRAILER
https://youtu.be/KT9gX1yElxU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpfbaiBoeCOCMCWxSTuuZ5c

[VDM19] Welcome by Mario Fusco
https://youtu.be/8caCtWMqzAA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpfbaiBoeCOCMCWxSTuuZ5c

[VDM19] What Lies Beneath by Dmitry Vyazelenko and Maurice Naftalin
https://youtu.be/vXJF_DOO35o&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpfbaiBoeCOCMCWxSTuuZ5c

[VDM19] Your Program as a Transpiler by Edoardo Vacchi
https://youtu.be/TWfigR9wGsA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpfbaiBoeCOCMCWxSTuuZ5c
Videos 1-25