
Composite Key is ready for Django 1 4
https://youtu.be/tK45uXtNfUo&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Cubes light weight olap fw server
https://youtu.be/WSHD029BAls&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Discovering Descriptors
https://youtu.be/D3-NZXHO5QI&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

EuroPython 2012 - Iphone ready
https://youtu.be/DHLfehBO154&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Experimental Product Design with Python (Lean Startup)
https://youtu.be/CMBH0LG3g4I&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Fully versioned  distributed object persistence
https://youtu.be/iRR5K3bzxXg&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Going massive with uWSGI and nginx
https://youtu.be/jfkKOaNsE00&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

HeavyBASE a Python peer to peer database for clinical trials and biobanks
https://youtu.be/fEIqPDFhRA4&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

How Did You Do That Or How a Non developer Snuck Python Into a Large Organization
https://youtu.be/8NJTuubGbNc&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

In search of reduced loading times
https://youtu.be/wmimppnIfLY&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Javascript for Pythonistas
https://youtu.be/b60jYn8iIIE&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Lets play with Python and OpenCV
https://youtu.be/lJYEup-0gJo&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Lightning talks - Friday
https://youtu.be/f1t2M2wcY2k&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

OpenGL and Python on computer and embed device part 2
https://youtu.be/8sZaE2zWbUo&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

OpenGL and Python on computer and embed device
https://youtu.be/UjdU77m1228&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Pysmbc python c mods are easy
https://youtu.be/Inzpxafkgr8&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Python for finance part 1
https://youtu.be/tJGGu2bqZeI&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Python for finance part 2
https://youtu.be/oH41rWS6GoE&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Python for Startups
https://youtu.be/7BIagoQdlrc&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Reportage EuroPython 2012
https://youtu.be/uFqK7ACo-2U&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Slicing and Dicing with Cubes - Light-weight OLAP Framework and Server
https://youtu.be/qYas6qMr17Q&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Some tricks for incremental refactoring of Python Code
https://youtu.be/puf2x473RTE&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Supercharging C++ Code with Embedded Python
https://youtu.be/aK8gDUUBMiM&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Sviluppare una Restful web API con Python- fask e MongoDB - 2
https://youtu.be/M_xcTtnucgo&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Writing a Pyramid application
https://youtu.be/dKZjbm_qLUM&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K
Videos 1-25