
Algorithms - Adusting Your Algorithm.url
https://youtu.be/hkQkbEIp9jo

Algorithms - Conquering a Maze.url
https://youtu.be/1PdQv_EJ2Sg

Algorithms - Roll Right, Roll Left.url
https://youtu.be/Dcka3OhqF4Q

Algorithms - The Right Hand Rule.url
https://youtu.be/hTs152mh2lQ

Algorithms - Which Way to Turn.url
https://youtu.be/RO5NDFq_FOI

Initialization - Initializing Your Expert.url
https://youtu.be/ADS_KIdfbvk

Initialization - It Takes Two.url
https://youtu.be/l_mHqTgYbVE

Initialization - Train Your Expert.url
https://youtu.be/RidB9HszJVU

Initialization - Using Instructions of Different Types.url
https://youtu.be/F7ALNIUQQ9Q

Parameters - Generalizing a Function.url
https://youtu.be/wxz6yrFJHLs

Parameters - Moving Further Forward.url
https://youtu.be/K8oHjjUQatU

Parameters - Placing at a Specific Location.url
https://youtu.be/yAICscsS744

Types - Corners of the World.url
https://youtu.be/vNNirPow83M

Types - Deactivating a Portal.url
https://youtu.be/pzH7k0O8t1M

Types - Portal On and Off.url
https://youtu.be/CQUSpt2E8o0

Types - Random Gems Everywhere.url
https://youtu.be/kt9wsj31Dl4

Types - Setting the Right Portal.url
https://youtu.be/CrFbK0f5WKg

Variables - Bump Up the Value.url
https://youtu.be/c6L0LZY_g1s

Variables - Checking for Equal Values.url
https://youtu.be/ozObcev76vw

Variables - Collect the Total.url
https://youtu.be/LcGJE0uXCLA

Variables - Incrementing the Value.url
https://youtu.be/8DMZS_3NnQQ

Variables - Keeping Track.url
https://youtu.be/PVdgC0e5kr4

Variables - Round Up the Switches.url
https://youtu.be/fbfOkhRYheE

Variables - Seeking Seven Gems.url
https://youtu.be/-tw2ivupm94

Variables - Three Gems, Four Switches.url
https://youtu.be/sI13CEidm2k
Videos 101-125