
Matplotlib Tutorial 1 - Introduction and Line
https://youtu.be/q7Bo_J8x_dw&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDfefDfXb9Yf0la1fPDKluPF

Matplotlib Tutorial 10 - basic customizations, rotating labels
https://youtu.be/cLNOADl17b4&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDfefDfXb9Yf0la1fPDKluPF

Matplotlib Tutorial 11 - handling unix time
https://youtu.be/aRQxMYoCOuI&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDfefDfXb9Yf0la1fPDKluPF

Matplotlib Tutorial 12 - more customization of colors and fills
https://youtu.be/7DK70jLZBzY&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDfefDfXb9Yf0la1fPDKluPF

Matplotlib Tutorial 13 - spines and horizontal lines
https://youtu.be/Blw7OF_-hXk&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDfefDfXb9Yf0la1fPDKluPF

Matplotlib Tutorial 14 - candlestick OHLC graphs
https://youtu.be/S5Dn1HjBPA4&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDfefDfXb9Yf0la1fPDKluPF

Matplotlib Tutorial 15 - styles
https://youtu.be/ZpvQrCEufpw&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDfefDfXb9Yf0la1fPDKluPF

Matplotlib Tutorial 16 - Live graphs
https://youtu.be/ZmYPzESC5YY&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDfefDfXb9Yf0la1fPDKluPF

Matplotlib Tutorial 17 - annotations and placing text
https://youtu.be/xLw9wf9uNuw&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDfefDfXb9Yf0la1fPDKluPF

Matplotlib Tutorial 18 - annotating last price to edge of matplotlib graph example
https://youtu.be/FPkHecI3y_4&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDfefDfXb9Yf0la1fPDKluPF

Matplotlib Tutorial 19 - subplots
https://youtu.be/afITiFR6vfw&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDfefDfXb9Yf0la1fPDKluPF

Matplotlib Tutorial 2 - Legends titles and labels
https://youtu.be/aCULcv_IQYw&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDfefDfXb9Yf0la1fPDKluPF

Matplotlib Tutorial 20 - implementing subplots to our stock chart
https://youtu.be/T6y2LRcX9qM&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDfefDfXb9Yf0la1fPDKluPF

Matplotlib Tutorial 21 - adding more indicator data to our charts
https://youtu.be/e53tmzo-U3g&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDfefDfXb9Yf0la1fPDKluPF

Matplotlib Tutorial 22 - cleaning chart, custom fills, pruning
https://youtu.be/rkzpx5Bkbek&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDfefDfXb9Yf0la1fPDKluPF

Matplotlib Tutorial 23 - sharex axis
https://youtu.be/UlygQI2eSdg&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDfefDfXb9Yf0la1fPDKluPF

Matplotlib Tutorial 24 - multi y axis plotting volume on stock chart
https://youtu.be/OebyvmZo3w0&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDfefDfXb9Yf0la1fPDKluPF

Matplotlib Tutorial 25 - customizing Matplotlib Legends
https://youtu.be/XBksHCvObhQ&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDfefDfXb9Yf0la1fPDKluPF

Matplotlib Tutorial 3   bar charts and histograms
https://youtu.be/ZyTO4SwhSeE&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDfefDfXb9Yf0la1fPDKluPF

Matplotlib Tutorial 4 - Scatter Plots
https://youtu.be/WbTOutpwPHs&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDfefDfXb9Yf0la1fPDKluPF

Matplotlib Tutorial 5 - stack plots
https://youtu.be/Z81JW1NTsO8&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDfefDfXb9Yf0la1fPDKluPF

Matplotlib Tutorial 6 - Pie Charts
https://youtu.be/Oh2Dkkswy30&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDfefDfXb9Yf0la1fPDKluPF

Matplotlib Tutorial 7 - loading data from files
https://youtu.be/QyhqzaMiFxk&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDfefDfXb9Yf0la1fPDKluPF

Matplotlib Tutorial 8 - getting data from the internet
https://youtu.be/IbUa1tTT-7k&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDfefDfXb9Yf0la1fPDKluPF

Matplotlib Tutorial 9 - converting data from the internet
https://youtu.be/83-_3x2AjXI&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDfefDfXb9Yf0la1fPDKluPF
Videos 1-25