
Commands - Adding a New Command.url
https://youtu.be/XLX7Ew9OKTA&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Commands - Bug Squash Practice.url
https://youtu.be/BK4VzcVRojc&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Commands - Finding and Fixing Bugs.url
https://youtu.be/yQgLUy4wefA&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Commands - Issuing Commands.url
https://youtu.be/CRivVdQmixU&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Commands - Portal Practice.url
https://youtu.be/hW8wSRl_C6Q&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Commands - The Shortest Route.url
https://youtu.be/GPtuTIIeX-M&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Commands - Toggling a Switch.url
https://youtu.be/jD9C47Ynpdg&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Conditional Code - Checking for Switches.url
https://youtu.be/HisgayzJ8Hg&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Conditional Code - Conditional Climb.url
https://youtu.be/YtOdDyGVgDw&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Conditional Code - Looping Conditional Code.url
https://youtu.be/2GYgD7Ja7EY&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Conditional Code - Using Else IF.url
https://youtu.be/tkfnIWcT6VE&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

For Loop - Using Loops.url
https://youtu.be/cRSHsOUXZH4&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

For Loops - Branch Out.url
https://youtu.be/1jvxFGKj-fQ&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

For Loops - Four Stash Sweep.url
https://youtu.be/Cp9RmYhjOU4&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

For Loops - Gem Farm.url
https://youtu.be/lPnJi9OrZ68&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

For Loops - Loop Jumper.url
https://youtu.be/oZBqX1T9EDE&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

For Loops - Looping All the Sides.url
https://youtu.be/clEBWIkyK8Q&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

For Loops - To the Edge and Back.url
https://youtu.be/lZk2OLGnqHg&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Functions - Collect, Toggle, Repeat.url
https://youtu.be/dASv3bYDrFI&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Functions - Composing a New Behavior.url
https://youtu.be/zaaf7ylA7G8&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Functions - Creating a New Function.url
https://youtu.be/avM1s-raAqk&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Functions - Slotted Stairways.url
https://youtu.be/5UuTB4Ll7g0&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Functions - Treasure Hunt.url
https://youtu.be/vd14zZzDvMk&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Functions -Across the Board.url
https://youtu.be/SdvvDghTMLA&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Functions -Nesting Patterns.url
https://youtu.be/rdEU4djAeuQ&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw
Videos 1-25