
2D Platformer Course 50% off this week only!
https://youtu.be/1k9Sh-fmzME

Dungeon Escape - Not many Dungeons, but lots of death!
https://youtu.be/vtO1tGcYv4Y

Ghostbusters - Bustin Makes Me Feel Good!
https://youtu.be/Idy7MTWuLGc

Let's Play The Way - Carrying Around Frozen People Is Totally Normal!
https://youtu.be/DdbEKCfXDQI

Mighty No. 9 - It's like Mega Man But Much Worse!
https://youtu.be/B71v8y8mGTU

New Course Available on Gameplay Design!
https://youtu.be/9q2yVmOc2v0

Olympic Games 2000 - Breaking Records!
https://youtu.be/--L5j_ZN5SU

Slap Challenge 2 - Marvel Vs Capcom (PSX)
https://youtu.be/JW8XXjEez5U

Slap Challenge 3 - Crash Team Racing (PSX)
https://youtu.be/hiQn88QI8ZM

Sonic 4 - Celebrating Sonic's 25th Anniversary
https://youtu.be/KKRyCSgtCwE

Starbound - A New Home - EPISODE 2
https://youtu.be/4e9wE9A_xCE

Starbound - Space Adventure Begins!
https://youtu.be/mAOYq2Tboqk

Unity RPG Tutorial #33 - Item Quest
https://youtu.be/l31nnI5d6Cw

Unity RPG Tutorial #34 - Hunt Enemies Quest
https://youtu.be/IqjjUuX1th8

Unity RPG Tutorial #35 - Bug Fixes & Movement
https://youtu.be/mrnsvnsQMeM

Unity RPG Tutorial #36 - Keeping Camera Inside The Map
https://youtu.be/fQ2Dvj5-pfc

Unity RPG Tutorial #37 - Adding Sound Effects
https://youtu.be/3YXNJqNR3d8

Unity RPG Tutorial #38 - Creating A Music Manager
https://youtu.be/9jxP6SwoFnA

Unity Top Down Shooter #1 - Player Movement & Look
https://youtu.be/lkDGk3TjsIE

Unity Top Down Shooter #2 - Guns
https://youtu.be/JVibUZugFAQ

Unity Top Down Shooter #3 - Twin Stick Controller Support
https://youtu.be/BAdortmmEJs

Unity Top Down Shooter #4 - Switching Input Types
https://youtu.be/ebBxpwh3NvQ

Unity Top Down Shooter #5 - Making Enemies
https://youtu.be/2LQ27NV_bpQ

Unity Top Down Shooter #6 - Damaging Enemies
https://youtu.be/npSkMTEe2BI

Unity Top Down Shooter #7 - Hurting The Player
https://youtu.be/8sTvgaPeLzs
Videos 201-225