
Create an RPG with Unity + Blender (introduction)
https://youtu.be/NGn_gSfYwVw&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

ENEMY AI - Making an RPG in Unity (E10)
https://youtu.be/xppompv1DBg&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

EQUIPMENT - Making an RPG in Unity (E07)
https://youtu.be/d9oLS5hy0zU&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

GENERAL TEXTURE PACK now on Dev Assets!
https://youtu.be/HObt1uVKaos&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

How to get Good Graphics in Unity
https://youtu.be/owZneI02YOU&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

How to make a CUSTOM INSPECTOR in Unity
https://youtu.be/RInUu1_8aGw&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

How to make a Dialogue System in Unity
https://youtu.be/_nRzoTzeyxU&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

How to make a LEVEL EDITOR in Unity
https://youtu.be/B_Xp9pt8nRY&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

How to make an EDITOR WINDOW in Unity
https://youtu.be/491TSNwXTIg&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

How to make an RPG in Unity - Introduction
https://youtu.be/nu5nyrB9U_o&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

How to make CRISP TEXT in Unity
https://youtu.be/D33d4w89vTs&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

How to make Fruit Slicing in Unity (Livestream)
https://youtu.be/3g5_8sE18tQ&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

How to make Music for your Game - BOSCA CEOIL
https://youtu.be/fZeZ75gM9p4&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

How to Simulate Gravity in Unity
https://youtu.be/Ouu3D_VHx9o&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

How to use GitHub with Unity
https://youtu.be/qpXxcvS-g3g&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

INTERACTION - Making an RPG in Unity (E02)
https://youtu.be/9tePzyL6dgc&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

INVENTORY CODE - Making an RPG in Unity (E06)
https://youtu.be/YLhj7SfaxSE&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

INVENTORY UI - Making an RPG in Unity (E05)
https://youtu.be/w6_fetj9PIw&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

ITEMS - Making an RPG in Unity (E04)
https://youtu.be/HQNl3Ff2Lpo&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

MAYAN TEMPLE - Download Now!
https://youtu.be/rLu6n-7BfS0&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

MOVEMENT - Making an RPG in Unity (E01)
https://youtu.be/S2mK6KFdv0I&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

RPG graphics E01 Character model [Blender]
https://youtu.be/aAO4C_8y0w8&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Smooth Camera Follow in Unity - Tutorial
https://youtu.be/MFQhpwc6cKE&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

STATS - Making an RPG in Unity (E09)
https://youtu.be/e8GmfoaOB4Y&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

WHAT'S NEW IN UNITY 2017
https://youtu.be/iHJWwcKpYgE&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA
Videos 151-175