
Angular vs. React Framework Smackdown by Nate Schutta
https://youtu.be/UVbp2KTD_PE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Betting on performance a note on hypothesis-driven performance testing by James Lewis
https://youtu.be/2V0n4a5lGV4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Brainstorming your way from a Monolith to a Clean Architecture by Victor Rentea
https://youtu.be/4-4ahz7zDiQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Build To Last From Frontend To Backend #slideless #talk by Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/5VFOYM6DlJc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Consumer Driven Contracts and Your Microservice Architecture by Marcin Grzejszczak and Josh Long
https://youtu.be/IiK9A9nQ6NU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Do it yourself - How to create a successful Uber type ride sharing company in 30 days! by Andy Tryba
https://youtu.be/tAiPZuw98Ls&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Docker Container Orchestration Platforms on Amazon by Arun Gupta
https://youtu.be/D_TW4TJtu1I&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Event Sourcing and CQRS with Spring Stream by Jakub Pilimon
https://youtu.be/eqPMmotEfsA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Feature Branches And Toggles In A Post-GitHub World by Sam Newman
https://youtu.be/dvqvhC8N05c&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

From Tic Tac Toe to AlphaGo Playing games with AI and machine learning by Roy van Rijn
https://youtu.be/M5rV0EZuNgo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Git Anti-Patterns How Mess Up With Git And Love It Again by Lemi Orhan Ergin
https://youtu.be/m3ITI7tT_Qo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

How to CARE about software project in 4 simple words by Aga Żaboklicka
https://youtu.be/ZLeumsZxQ6Q&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Java 8 anti-patterns by Sergey Morenets
https://youtu.be/ohu8dJu8KKw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Java EE 8 - What's coming by David Delabassee
https://youtu.be/NMYWsxb9BXU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Java Performance Puzzlers by Douglas Hawkins
https://youtu.be/fN3MtD-lNHc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

JVM Mechanics by Douglas Hawkins
https://youtu.be/htwv78eb4TU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Knot.x - Reactive web integration platform by Maciej Laskowski and Tomasz Michalak
https://youtu.be/vBGbiVpWm3U&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Migrating to Microservice Databases From Relational Monolith to Distributed Data by Edson Yanaga
https://youtu.be/o_ZzdVMUo2o&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

On @annotations - liberate yourselves from demons by Jarek Ratajski
https://youtu.be/kkWvF1ec23c&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Practical Kotlin - let’s forget about Java 9 for a moment by Artur Czopek
https://youtu.be/-SIUGvpY2JY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Rethinking Microservices with Stateful Streams by Ben Stopford
https://youtu.be/hqt9QIhwAW8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Serverless Not so FaaS!The JVM and Docker, a good idea by Matt Stine
https://youtu.be/E5dk9Xdhw7E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Ship every change to production! How it’s done in Mockito and Shipkit... by Wojtek Wilk
https://youtu.be/E2Ww9pT84Bc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

The Future of Event-driven Microservices with Spring Cloud Stream by Kenny Bastani
https://youtu.be/M9i8ORKqXQI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Think Async in Java 8 by Dmitry Aleksandrov
https://youtu.be/4UJddZ87rDw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH
Videos 1-25