
Adding Custom Keyboard Controls to your Game in Construct 2 - with Kyatric
https://youtu.be/j4r1l9X4R5U

Building a Basic Inventory System in Construct 2 - with Kyatric
https://youtu.be/nvyA5LBBvwE

Changing Sprite Colours using webGL in Construct 2 - with Kyatric
https://youtu.be/JbRBSwUAghU

How to create a Rocket for our Dynamic Projectiles! - Construct 2
https://youtu.be/2XYN-_k7WJQ

How to make a 2D Platform Game Part 1 Introducing Floofs Adventure - with Jerementor
https://youtu.be/2khtUrTQgwY

How to make another 2D Platform Game Part 8 Basic AI - with John Maksym
https://youtu.be/48Dv28Vsby4

How to make another 2D Platform Game Part 9 More AI - with John Maksym
https://youtu.be/Nn6Gx7rj0_w

How to Program a Look-Ahead Camera for Platforms with our Dynamic Projectiles
https://youtu.be/xUdgeMZitNI

Let's Build a Dynamic Projectile System Part 10 Impact Flash Effect - with Jerementor
https://youtu.be/AeUAosfFcOU

Let's Build a Dynamic Projectile System Part 11 Variable Jumping - with Jerementor
https://youtu.be/q1cr2fxh2BE

Let's Build a Dynamic Projectile System Part 12 Full Screen View - with Jerementor
https://youtu.be/J39lolpTNzs

Let's Build a Dynamic Projectile System Part 13 Peeking Cameras - with Jerementor
https://youtu.be/04Yh8os0rLo

Let's Build a Dynamic Projectile System Part 14 Weapon Angles - with Jerementor
https://youtu.be/UxcCZmAqt58

Let's Build a Dynamic Projectile System Part 15 Grenades! - with Jerementor
https://youtu.be/1vhZ9I9O7Jw

Let's Build a Dynamic Projectile System Part 4 EXPLOSIONS - with Jerementor
https://youtu.be/7C84WEK3y5w

Let's Build a Dynamic Projectile System Part 5 Lasers! - with Jerementor
https://youtu.be/bYp93LLL3Ek

Let's Build a Dynamic Projectile System Part 6 Muzzle Flash - with Jerementor
https://youtu.be/wHQAfQwlt_c

Let's Build a Dynamic Projectile System Part 7 Introducing Shells - with Jerementor
https://youtu.be/MqiFpRmzVJ4

Let's Build a Dynamic Projectile System Part 8 Getting Organised - with Jerementor
https://youtu.be/aYWfOELcf84

Let's Build a Dynamic Projectile System Part 9 Music, Managed - with Jerementor
https://youtu.be/ICljpIV8Kpk

Let's Build a Flappy Bird Clone Introducing Flappy Monster - with Jerementor
https://youtu.be/jsxelo0dzLM

Let's Build an Economy Game Part 1 Introducing the Basic Money Maker - with John Maksym
https://youtu.be/GwFVphBC6ZM

Let's Build an Economy Game Part 2 From Lemonade to Shipping - with John Maksym
https://youtu.be/2patNWZLKQ8

Using Construct 2 to make a Facebook Game - with Jerementor
https://youtu.be/9byCXY1UQv0

Using Construct 2 to make E-Cards - with Kyatric
https://youtu.be/FQaaLjiy4gI
Videos 126-150