
Python Basics 1K Views Second Conversion
https://youtu.be/n0_mqDcyDsM&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Built in Reverse Function
https://youtu.be/3_SqrEnVtwo&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Deep Dive Re Fnmatch Glob (Requested Video)
https://youtu.be/rBNwYitC5Gw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Django
https://youtu.be/F7G9BG2ATmw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Fnmatch Filter Method
https://youtu.be/8IX9rQyWzbc&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Gratitude
https://youtu.be/tXXYF4borZA&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Increment Numpy Arrays
https://youtu.be/Qidv6Jmn1_8&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Intro tkinter Module
https://youtu.be/Dxk1Ugr5au4&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Iter Splat Trick
https://youtu.be/3TNUJP6xt38&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Itertools Takewhile Method
https://youtu.be/YtyBR4khzmY&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Matplotlib Fig Savefig
https://youtu.be/r_QaWmWuVIo&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Matplotlib Pie Chart Arguments
https://youtu.be/VdulJzQghKY&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Move a Circle With Pygame
https://youtu.be/MRpgrdERrE4&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Ntpath Commonpath
https://youtu.be/FMIU-O5j0YA&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Ntpath Get M Time Function
https://youtu.be/85lrDgdyTzU&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Numpy Arange Function And Shape Attribute
https://youtu.be/wk8cyIAi_6s&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Numpy Reshape Method
https://youtu.be/tT8q5UTuNmw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Pandas Boolean Indexing
https://youtu.be/bic9NM8kfUk&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Pandas DataFrames Columns
https://youtu.be/VFzCVDWdHcQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Pygame Mouse Down Specific Position
https://youtu.be/K9j4cKuJaIM&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Pyplot with Pandas Series
https://youtu.be/wjcrsYnXr3I&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Re Findall Dollar Amounts
https://youtu.be/l5b8ku-v3pg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Re Findall with {} brackets
https://youtu.be/e4qjuhzRW50&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Re w+ Character Findall Method
https://youtu.be/VWT41VZVn_s&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Tkinter Tk Function
https://youtu.be/ur77XQE8OqY&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp
Videos 1-25