
5 Years of Bad Ideas
https://youtu.be/8e0l_Dt28MQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Advanced Aspects of the Django Ecosystem Haystack, Celery & Fabric
https://youtu.be/8SQbN5vhLto&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Advanced Python
https://youtu.be/paK0-lkksIc&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Best Practices for Python in the Cloud
https://youtu.be/nQWVlXlJwp0&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Building a hosting platform with Python
https://youtu.be/Sg6RmIty9-w&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Building a Scientific Software Application with the Enthought Tool Suite
https://youtu.be/N_1EIkfQbv4&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Building a website with PyHP and Liwe
https://youtu.be/ssiC75EclxI&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Challenges in developing a large Django site
https://youtu.be/GyC7ilNTNiY&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Data Plumbing with Python
https://youtu.be/Bb3YEqtHvGs&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Developing cutting-edge applications with PyQt
https://youtu.be/6ko-tO-3bJ0&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Experiences making CPU-bound tasks run much faster
https://youtu.be/F7NOKSP_vlQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Exploring CPython's bytecode
https://youtu.be/YeSn9aovFCg&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Gestione di processi clinici in Python un caso d'uso
https://youtu.be/l7e6NmyWclM&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Latest advances in the Google APIs platform
https://youtu.be/pJqSbhGIhWU&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

PyHP and the art of dating girls
https://youtu.be/2pMUt1cIiEk&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

PyPy hands-on
https://youtu.be/J1ZTPi06awk&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Python + Oracle = Prosperity & Performance
https://youtu.be/jUrgMpBkynI&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Python at Cloudkick
https://youtu.be/eKz5-hzGZoM&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Python's other collection types and algorithms
https://youtu.be/7QiuxqEpq2o&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Remote execution of Python scripts using Viri
https://youtu.be/SGz5RZEOMFE&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Social Network Analysis con Python
https://youtu.be/oN02lznMDE8&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Sqlkit database ad accesso immediato
https://youtu.be/nx04zGh3gME&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Ubuntu e la programmazione occasionale
https://youtu.be/qkB-ZqqyYrY&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Using Python in Software for the Medical Industry
https://youtu.be/SFi7LpBr-JY&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Web API Mashups in a Python Application
https://youtu.be/Z_q-52ap-Vg&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH
Videos 51-75