
Async Programming and Python
https://youtu.be/aR_EgOzW-xg&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfX0-YkKI7Ge5f9IKjOxirf

Asyncio for Dummies
https://youtu.be/-iB4M-H3z_8&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfX0-YkKI7Ge5f9IKjOxirf

Auth as a service with Lastuser
https://youtu.be/FsoJWGuFMR0&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfX0-YkKI7Ge5f9IKjOxirf

Building highly scalable web services with Gevent   experiences at Plivo
https://youtu.be/fRRd7_TBfOw&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfX0-YkKI7Ge5f9IKjOxirf

Day 1   Lightning Talks
https://youtu.be/J6up0y7fAR4&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfX0-YkKI7Ge5f9IKjOxirf

Development to Production
https://youtu.be/ilXdEwkAWQA&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfX0-YkKI7Ge5f9IKjOxirf

Django Design Patterns
https://youtu.be/6tnMdqbZBHM&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfX0-YkKI7Ge5f9IKjOxirf

Faster data processing in Python
https://youtu.be/ylBslijJexw&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfX0-YkKI7Ge5f9IKjOxirf

GPU accelerated high performance computing primer
https://youtu.be/U_Nf7VVs8UA&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfX0-YkKI7Ge5f9IKjOxirf

Introduction to BinPy   An Electronic Simulation Library
https://youtu.be/BLVFQ7FuVWw&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfX0-YkKI7Ge5f9IKjOxirf

Key Note   Michael Foord
https://youtu.be/TXQDQFq3AAo&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfX0-YkKI7Ge5f9IKjOxirf

Key Note Day1 -  Kushal Das
https://youtu.be/er5ZcDJKELQ&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfX0-YkKI7Ge5f9IKjOxirf

Medusa   A much faster Python implementation based on the Dart Virtual Machine
https://youtu.be/Jql0Xu4zmww&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfX0-YkKI7Ge5f9IKjOxirf

Meet ElasticSearch   My Pet Crunch Monster @Directi
https://youtu.be/ckTfoRBmtKw&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfX0-YkKI7Ge5f9IKjOxirf

Messing with government data using Python
https://youtu.be/xqOFeZVPSt8&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfX0-YkKI7Ge5f9IKjOxirf

Neo4J and Python Playing with graph data
https://youtu.be/sqwQV5hldD8&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfX0-YkKI7Ge5f9IKjOxirf

New Scientific Plotting in Python
https://youtu.be/W3TKZNspM1o&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfX0-YkKI7Ge5f9IKjOxirf

Panel Discussion   Flask vs Django vs web py
https://youtu.be/TYutt4qs8NQ&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfX0-YkKI7Ge5f9IKjOxirf

Python + Spark   Lightning Fast Cluster Computing
https://youtu.be/1KuqWuuAazM&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfX0-YkKI7Ge5f9IKjOxirf

Python, Arduino and connected objects
https://youtu.be/L7m2Sk64ftM&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfX0-YkKI7Ge5f9IKjOxirf

Python, the eyes of real world computer applications
https://youtu.be/XP8SV42YcDo&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfX0-YkKI7Ge5f9IKjOxirf

SHARQ   An API queueing system built at Plivo!
https://youtu.be/TLWnhnJ3Vcg&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfX0-YkKI7Ge5f9IKjOxirf

Transfer Pipeline at DreamWorks
https://youtu.be/gyWXEfi0ju0&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfX0-YkKI7Ge5f9IKjOxirf

Which messaging layer should you use if you want to build a loosely coupled distributed Python app
https://youtu.be/dFhX6SvAkGQ&list=PL6GW05BfqWIfX0-YkKI7Ge5f9IKjOxirf
PyCon India 2014