
Adam Dutko (?StylusEater?) - First Time CPAN Contributor
https://youtu.be/dCMHQQgg_Eo&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy5jmj6_Fd2YMuOjsovaIh-

Arthur Schmidt (?fREW?) - DetectingExamining Databases 101
https://youtu.be/-CwaObbSK88&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy5jmj6_Fd2YMuOjsovaIh-

Daina Pettit - Streamlining and simplifying your Perl code using Map, Grep, and Sort
https://youtu.be/qU-Yxn5hdzM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy5jmj6_Fd2YMuOjsovaIh-

Dan Wright (?ehdonhon?) - TPF Year in Review
https://youtu.be/kq2IIeexA0M&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy5jmj6_Fd2YMuOjsovaIh-

Graham Ollis (?plicease?) - Foreign Function Interface (FFI) Never Need to Write XS Again
https://youtu.be/cY-yqQ_nmtw&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy5jmj6_Fd2YMuOjsovaIh-

Heath Bair (?Candybar?) - How to run a Perl Workshop or Conference
https://youtu.be/tGYunP5b38M&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy5jmj6_Fd2YMuOjsovaIh-

Jesse Luehrs (?doy?) - Introduction to Rust
https://youtu.be/5EFCMaEbgX4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy5jmj6_Fd2YMuOjsovaIh-

John Anderson (?genehack) - Welcome
https://youtu.be/dUTZUGaJaMQ&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy5jmj6_Fd2YMuOjsovaIh-

Karen Pauley - Working with Volunteers
https://youtu.be/zXAz3gZnR_s&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy5jmj6_Fd2YMuOjsovaIh-

Larry Wall (?TimToady?) - Perl 6
https://youtu.be/mxLIQxSda0E&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy5jmj6_Fd2YMuOjsovaIh-

Leon Timmermans (?leont?) - Reading the layercake, an introduction to PerlIO
https://youtu.be/ybTFXG9HWUk&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy5jmj6_Fd2YMuOjsovaIh-

Liz - How the Camel is de-cocooning
https://youtu.be/T4k3otua4tU&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy5jmj6_Fd2YMuOjsovaIh-

Mark Keating (?mdk?) - Perl is Awesome the death and life of Perl
https://youtu.be/hHy5h6ZRL6M&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy5jmj6_Fd2YMuOjsovaIh-

Marty Pauley (?maokt?) - nix Fun with Perl
https://youtu.be/CV0XN2SfWHo&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy5jmj6_Fd2YMuOjsovaIh-

Mike Friedman (?friedo?) - Building Your First App with MongoDB and Perl
https://youtu.be/LsY1ShOKY-4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy5jmj6_Fd2YMuOjsovaIh-

Mike Friedman (?friedo?) - The Perl API for the Mortally Terrified
https://youtu.be/-XITNDvqoTo&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy5jmj6_Fd2YMuOjsovaIh-

Nicholas Perez (?nperez?) - Growing Perl Developers
https://youtu.be/sviIW3Tqe8I&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy5jmj6_Fd2YMuOjsovaIh-

Nick Patch (?patch?) - Unicode Beyond Just Characters Localization with the CLDR
https://youtu.be/DcPpUnlENAs&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy5jmj6_Fd2YMuOjsovaIh-

R Geoffrey Avery (?rGeoffrey?) - Lightning Talks Day 1
https://youtu.be/fpxJHuopS5Y&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy5jmj6_Fd2YMuOjsovaIh-

Sawyer X - XS Fun
https://youtu.be/sD1-bgKm36c&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy5jmj6_Fd2YMuOjsovaIh-

Scott Walters (?scrottie?) - Programming the Atari 2600 Video Computer System
https://youtu.be/Ulcq0pVlQ1c&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy5jmj6_Fd2YMuOjsovaIh-

Shawn Moore (?sartak?) - DTrace War Stories
https://youtu.be/P88qXvU2RUA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy5jmj6_Fd2YMuOjsovaIh-

Sudeep Hazra - Perl On NetBeans
https://youtu.be/EpGFIgTgBi0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy5jmj6_Fd2YMuOjsovaIh-

Timm Murray - Make Flying Robots Do Your Bidding With UAVPilot
https://youtu.be/CJJDOrs6v-Y&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy5jmj6_Fd2YMuOjsovaIh-

Wendy Van Dijk (?woolfy?) - Marketing for Perl is easy because Perl is awesome
https://youtu.be/B39gZXxfroM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy5jmj6_Fd2YMuOjsovaIh-
Videos 1-25