
Bitcoin - Anonymity and Privacy further Discussed
https://youtu.be/doR86bsnQrs

Bitcoin Protocol - Combining and Splitting Value
https://youtu.be/qINf8hdnebg

Bitcoin Protocol - Why 2140 may not be the end of bitcoin Creation
https://youtu.be/e_nGIzqu7N0

Bitcoin Protocol Explained #3 - Transactions
https://youtu.be/tW3zHIOudgo

Bitcoin Protocol Explained - Timestamp Server  Global Ledger
https://youtu.be/nO6FXU_zOog

Bitcoin Protocol Explained 1 - Bitcoin paper broken down step by step.
https://youtu.be/UieiMU-ImvI

Bitcoin Protocol for Dummies #2 - Intro section
https://youtu.be/JQzepQoZYi0

Bitcoin Protocol Proof of Work shown in Python Code
https://youtu.be/K_Ac1Ko8-p8

Bitcoin Protocol Tutorial #7 The Network
https://youtu.be/t_laVHXg64s

Bitcoin Protocol Tutorial #8 Incentive
https://youtu.be/Q8KtQ3uM1tk

Bitcoin Protocol Tutorial #9 - Reclaiming Disk Space
https://youtu.be/yZgaxg0JzcU

Bitcoin Protocol Tutorial - Conclusion of the Paper
https://youtu.be/P7D4-EE0HRw

Bitcoin Protocol Tutorial - Privacy Section
https://youtu.be/Wgyb5y4nX_g

Bitcoin Protocol Tutorial Proof of Work
https://youtu.be/EWfGzeF3Xmw

Bitcoin Protocol Tutorial Simplified Payment Verification
https://youtu.be/24lMzKVqcS8

Build Your Own Supercomputer 1 - About Supercomputers
https://youtu.be/13x90STvKnQ

Build Your Own Supercomputer 2 - Supplies needed
https://youtu.be/sU867vMHzqE

Build Your Own Supercomputer 3 - Installing operating system
https://youtu.be/agHKSkuJlz4

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - For loop
https://youtu.be/xtXexPSfcZg

Python 3 Programming Tutorial If Elif Else
https://youtu.be/42MBMSOZgD4

Python 3 Programming Tutorial If Else
https://youtu.be/qf0sfRZ0hHc

Python 3 Programming Tutorial If Statement
https://youtu.be/4u2ClNCtcgY

Python 3 Programming Tutorial Variables
https://youtu.be/vKqVnr0BEJQ

Python 3 programming tutorial While Loop
https://youtu.be/jSs58VZVLw8

Should Bitcoin Be Regulated ...futher
https://youtu.be/OLfIJs1eQ2I
Videos 926-950