
5 Best Game Dev Questions
https://youtu.be/pZwmQ7INNBo&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_XRQO4dg_Fj3G-8gpJQnYkg

5 Game Tools for YOU
https://youtu.be/Jy9HFaBt0_w&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_XRQO4dg_Fj3G-8gpJQnYkg

6 MUST USE Packages for Unity3D
https://youtu.be/aqWGpdLSvr4&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_XRQO4dg_Fj3G-8gpJQnYkg

8 game dev jobs to choose from - which is right for you unity3d
https://youtu.be/v24j8vzR0CY&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_XRQO4dg_Fj3G-8gpJQnYkg

Assets in AAA games
https://youtu.be/lKzfpPuTQS8&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_XRQO4dg_Fj3G-8gpJQnYkg

Best to stay Motivated and Get your gamedev Done
https://youtu.be/4dmI9nQZ97M&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_XRQO4dg_Fj3G-8gpJQnYkg

CONFESSION - Don't lose your job! UNREAL  Unity3d
https://youtu.be/q_wTV5flQK8&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_XRQO4dg_Fj3G-8gpJQnYkg

Crazy questions as a gamedev
https://youtu.be/Dcd3d5wkJTw&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_XRQO4dg_Fj3G-8gpJQnYkg

DOTS for EVERYONE 2021
https://youtu.be/QQC_laNOTdY&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_XRQO4dg_Fj3G-8gpJQnYkg

Eww NO! - Designer FAIL
https://youtu.be/kEWaR9FjJUE&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_XRQO4dg_Fj3G-8gpJQnYkg

FINISH & RELEASE a unity game - spare time game dev (only 6 hours a week)
https://youtu.be/k7HiSo8Aa0U&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_XRQO4dg_Fj3G-8gpJQnYkg

How to Break Out of them - IMPORTANT if you're a gamedev
https://youtu.be/z__BeQtsvIo&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_XRQO4dg_Fj3G-8gpJQnYkg

I BUILT an Arcade and games ðŸŽ®!
https://youtu.be/J8e7gNEOegg&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_XRQO4dg_Fj3G-8gpJQnYkg

I LIED - Game Engines & Framework
https://youtu.be/bmxIincTZIc&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_XRQO4dg_Fj3G-8gpJQnYkg

It was #MadeWithUnity
https://youtu.be/VQnqDrP71y8&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_XRQO4dg_Fj3G-8gpJQnYkg

Office Upgrade Ikea Desk to Standing Desk (EC9W)
https://youtu.be/UiKrwAwv3Fk&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_XRQO4dg_Fj3G-8gpJQnYkg

PICK GameDev VS Enterprise
https://youtu.be/8CZ8khKdFKM&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_XRQO4dg_Fj3G-8gpJQnYkg

Private video
https://youtu.be/iIu76Ro0h0k&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_XRQO4dg_Fj3G-8gpJQnYkg

SAVE $1,000,000's with a free INSTANT tool
https://youtu.be/fvDKQ9w4Ttg&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_XRQO4dg_Fj3G-8gpJQnYkg

They will ask these!
https://youtu.be/-w6PP84YEgE&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_XRQO4dg_Fj3G-8gpJQnYkg

Ultimate GameDev w Thomas! - Unity3D
https://youtu.be/SygNXYViY3s&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_XRQO4dg_Fj3G-8gpJQnYkg

Unity GameDev at Disneyland
https://youtu.be/YGeoXrFx8ZI&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_XRQO4dg_Fj3G-8gpJQnYkg

What gamedev job is right for you
https://youtu.be/vEFD_ZSoODY&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_XRQO4dg_Fj3G-8gpJQnYkg

Who's Right Game Designer VS Programmer
https://youtu.be/IlnKOZQw2y4&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_XRQO4dg_Fj3G-8gpJQnYkg

Why YOU need to socialize even though you don't WANT to
https://youtu.be/Ctno6pVzEx8&list=PLB5_EOMkLx_XRQO4dg_Fj3G-8gpJQnYkg
Videos 1-25