
Alon Nir - Sliding into Causal Inference, with Python!
https://youtu.be/3m4h3ApujGg&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Andy Fundinger - The spec you never knew you needed
https://youtu.be/mJqEp8cdtHM&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Bojan Miletic - Dependency Injection Stealing Cool stuff from the Weird Kids
https://youtu.be/QBk74AOGGQA&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

David Beazley - No, not typing. Types.
https://youtu.be/rLRNY5iSvk0&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Eli Holderness - Pointers In my Python It's more likely than you think
https://youtu.be/Nu6hy1Vgr90&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

EuroPython 2021  - Lightning Talks 0729
https://youtu.be/9DzvfQN9fiQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

G. Grosch, F. Lässig - Darts Unifying time series forecasting models from ARIMA to Deep Learning
https://youtu.be/thg10qDqpRE&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Harshit Prasad - High Performance Data Processing with Python, Kafka and Elasticsearch
https://youtu.be/Lh8sYRiM71k&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

James Nightingale - PyAutoFit A Classy Probabilistic Programming Language For Data Science
https://youtu.be/fKwZgelUl1M&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Jessica Temporal - Traveling through a secure API in Python
https://youtu.be/Ckz6FcUaGLA&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Joost Lek - How I helped fly a helicopter on Mars
https://youtu.be/23ZKzSAc8gg&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Julian Camilleri - Building a clean, maintainable and tested code base
https://youtu.be/jnvhUBJTsxQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Kimberly Arcand - Our Universe through Sight, Sound & Touch
https://youtu.be/DXmdBvpGPeo&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Kirill Borisov - Code From Nothing Procedural Generation of Python Source Code
https://youtu.be/9sBlAQ229Co&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

lil anonymous - Creating the Next Generation of Billionaires-Part 3
https://youtu.be/zA7nSiWczKM&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Lim H. - Reproducible and Deployable Data Science with Open-Source Python
https://youtu.be/-FedSW2SN7A&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Luke Leighton - The Libre-SOC Project
https://youtu.be/nAXKXjbFn-g&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

M. Ristin, P. Schanely, L. De bruyn - Automatic Testing of Python Functions Based on Contracts
https://youtu.be/ynRdJR5UQWY&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Marc Päpper - Speeding up the deep learning development life cycle for cancer diagnostics
https://youtu.be/-bshQNux7ms&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Michał Wodyński - Python security best practices
https://youtu.be/gpZKBJjB_0s&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Miki Lombardi - A crowdsourced map for checking supermarket wait times worldwide
https://youtu.be/CXrUAJoyTbk&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Pierre Clisson - Building Brain-Computer Interfaces with Timeflux
https://youtu.be/lNUXqOWYjUs&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Roberto Polli - Designing secure APIs
https://youtu.be/Y1Z2gpX3_ls&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Stefanie Stoppel - The Myth of Neutrality How AI is widening social divides
https://youtu.be/bw-JH3-uDM0&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Vinayak Mehta - A Tale Of Python C Extensions And Cross-Platform Wheels
https://youtu.be/IkzZmJ4t6KE&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq
Videos 76-100