
C++ Weekly - Ep 126 - Lambdas With Destructors
https://youtu.be/9L9uSHrJA08&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSaJfzcaQ5RpcDIx9PTe2bBP

C++ Weekly - Ep 128 - C++20's Template Syntax For Lambdas
https://youtu.be/ixGiE4-1GA8&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSaJfzcaQ5RpcDIx9PTe2bBP

C++ Weekly - Ep 132 - Lambdas In Fold Expressions
https://youtu.be/QhY7Fx-YsGs&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSaJfzcaQ5RpcDIx9PTe2bBP

C++ Weekly - Ep 133 - What Exactly IS A Lambda Anyhow
https://youtu.be/br4tez2G9eM&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSaJfzcaQ5RpcDIx9PTe2bBP

C++ Weekly - Ep 141 - C++20's Designated Initializers And Lambdas
https://youtu.be/L8Egig4qH0I&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSaJfzcaQ5RpcDIx9PTe2bBP

C++ Weekly - Ep 149 - C++20's Lambda Usability Changes
https://youtu.be/JxYD8_OHQg8&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSaJfzcaQ5RpcDIx9PTe2bBP

C++ Weekly - Ep 150 - C++20's Lambdas For Resource Management
https://youtu.be/XhxV1NP5RGs&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSaJfzcaQ5RpcDIx9PTe2bBP

C++ Weekly - Ep 151 - C++20's Lambdas As Custom Comparators
https://youtu.be/damrgf7GJac&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSaJfzcaQ5RpcDIx9PTe2bBP

C++ Weekly - Ep 152 - Lambdas The Key To Understanding C++
https://youtu.be/CjExHyCVRYg&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSaJfzcaQ5RpcDIx9PTe2bBP

C++ Weekly - Ep 162 - Recursive Lambdas
https://youtu.be/M_Mrk1xHMoo&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSaJfzcaQ5RpcDIx9PTe2bBP

C++ Weekly - Ep 171 - C++20's Parameter Packs In Captures
https://youtu.be/UwYYc5dpvqk&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSaJfzcaQ5RpcDIx9PTe2bBP

C++ Weekly - Ep 177 - `stdbind_front` Implemented With Lambdas
https://youtu.be/fLeHy7s1WIo&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSaJfzcaQ5RpcDIx9PTe2bBP

C++ Weekly - Ep 32 - Lambdas For Free
https://youtu.be/_CbBfuQQQI8&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSaJfzcaQ5RpcDIx9PTe2bBP

C++ Weekly - Ep 37 - Stateful Lambdas
https://youtu.be/_1X9D8Z5huA&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSaJfzcaQ5RpcDIx9PTe2bBP

C++ Weekly - Ep 40 - Inheriting From Lambdas
https://youtu.be/W-xTpqj31mI&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSaJfzcaQ5RpcDIx9PTe2bBP

C++ Weekly - Ep 41 - C++17's constexpr Lambda Support
https://youtu.be/kmza9U_niq4&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSaJfzcaQ5RpcDIx9PTe2bBP

C++ Weekly - Ep 49 - Why Inherit From Lambdas
https://youtu.be/3wm5QzdddYc&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSaJfzcaQ5RpcDIx9PTe2bBP

C++ Weekly - Ep 50 - Inheriting Lambdas vs Generic Lambdas
https://youtu.be/QsicIaOGsI4&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSaJfzcaQ5RpcDIx9PTe2bBP

C++ Weekly - Ep 51 - Advanced Stateful Lambdas
https://youtu.be/GeLp4F-Svc8&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSaJfzcaQ5RpcDIx9PTe2bBP

C++ Weekly - Ep 61 - Storage Duration with Lambdas
https://youtu.be/WUvF4W98vq4&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSaJfzcaQ5RpcDIx9PTe2bBP

C++ Weekly - Ep 89 - Overusing Lambdas
https://youtu.be/OmKMNQFx_8Y&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSaJfzcaQ5RpcDIx9PTe2bBP

C++ Weekly - Ep 94 - Lambdas as Comparators
https://youtu.be/dvLKY-oWqn0&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSaJfzcaQ5RpcDIx9PTe2bBP

C++ Weekly - Ep 96 - Transparent Lambda Comparators
https://youtu.be/P6_6bXPGYy8&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSaJfzcaQ5RpcDIx9PTe2bBP

C++ Weekly - Ep 97 - Lambda To Function Pointer Conversion
https://youtu.be/Cmk0Tlo1eCA&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSaJfzcaQ5RpcDIx9PTe2bBP

Jason Turner IIFE in C++ for Performance and Safety
https://youtu.be/9i2ZirXdrVA&list=PLs3KjaCtOwSaJfzcaQ5RpcDIx9PTe2bBP
Videos 1-25