
9 Things I Wish I Knew When I Started Programming.url
https://youtu.be/EgpKu1tAVMY

April Live Stream - iOS Dev Discussion & Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/JJuSWEOz1NQ

December Live Stream - iOS Dev Discussion & Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/0Pr0xZiX5sc

February Live Stream - iOS Dev Discussion & Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/gUAuj-faztk

First Week on the Job as a Jr. iOS Developer.url
https://youtu.be/thXQGkxi_h4

How To Send an Email From Your App - Swift.url
https://youtu.be/J-pn5V2jcfo

How to Show App Version - Swift 4.2 - Xcode 10.url
https://youtu.be/5pv_KHpG71w

How to Show User's Location - Swift 4.2 - Xcode 10.url
https://youtu.be/WPpaAy73nJc

Insights on how to become an iOS Developer - My first book!.url
https://youtu.be/9FO0lWUsTpk

iOS Dev Origin Story - Paul Hudson - Hacking with Swift.url
https://youtu.be/2yIXXwfcbWk

iOS Dev Quality of Life vs. Compensation & Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/ML2DxcNvwzs

iOS Developer Discussion & Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/D1Ak4Y9_UcQ

iOS Development Podcasts.url
https://youtu.be/5Q3G6UhOAfs

iOS Full-Time vs. Contracting  Freelancing - Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/LeehmNTIlxI

January Live Stream - iOS Dev Discussion & Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/2VHOOcJOqBw

MapKit Tutorial - Get Directions & Show on Map - Swift 4.2.url
https://youtu.be/vUvf_dlr6IU

MapKit Tutorial - Reverse Geocode - Get Address - Swift 4.2.url
https://youtu.be/2wxE8byc2FQ

March Live Stream - iOS Dev Discussion & Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/wuOsCxhyniU

November Live Stream - iOS Dev Updates & Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/4ZcBjs7Oars

October Live Stream - iOS Dev Updates & Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/XqafrkhbmnQ

Programmer Confidence - How to Improve.url
https://youtu.be/2pQ04FriBxs

Software Development The 9090 Rule.url
https://youtu.be/T1v_E0yuVBw

Storyboard vs. Code - iOS Development - Swift.url
https://youtu.be/K6JfE8XD9p0

Swift UITabBar Tutorial & Basic Customization - Xcode 10.url
https://youtu.be/n7NNAdaIDKQ

Xcode 10 - Interface Builder  Code Hybrid Approach for User Interface.url
https://youtu.be/hIQMQmzitfU
Videos 201-225