
Big a little i practical artifici8al intelligence in python
https://youtu.be/IvKO63BSc9c&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Building C- Apls on Pyton
https://youtu.be/i5YwerH73EY&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Developing Android apps completely in Python part 2
https://youtu.be/bXrtX6yRJJI&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Developing Restful web apis with python-flask and mongodb
https://youtu.be/qh9fN2iHaCQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Faster python programs through optimization part 1
https://youtu.be/lvyfpteeA54&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Faster python programs through optimization part 2
https://youtu.be/vaA0ohGKARY&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Google Apps loves Python
https://youtu.be/jZj7K3r9s3k&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Health for geeks feel better-save monay-live longer by being lazy
https://youtu.be/RSIs_5ME6UE&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Healty webapps throught continous introspection
https://youtu.be/yxALwwDyWoA&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Javascript for Pythonistas part 2
https://youtu.be/4-4hTwlzTMk&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

La salute per i geek stai meglio- risparmia - vivi a lungo tramite la pigrizia
https://youtu.be/-tbmih_I040&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Lessons in Testing
https://youtu.be/garsUmsZIac&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Mongodb and Python 2
https://youtu.be/GqpAkqy2In8&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Mongodb and Python
https://youtu.be/isXLQEUWVy4&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Multi-document consistency with MongoDB
https://youtu.be/4XRrLdogkdA&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Music Theory - Genetic Algorithms and Python
https://youtu.be/OTHggyZAot0&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Nuitka the python compiler
https://youtu.be/ZDHkla5rllg&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Obidire alla capra TDD con Python i Selenium
https://youtu.be/QliDfkkFa4c&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Practical guide to kill optimization- testing and other sw. project beasts
https://youtu.be/UhYXIWmq-3Y&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Pyrun - the one file python runtime environment
https://youtu.be/VnyvyTgWbzg&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Python - Qt - MySQL - Konga ERP.m4v
https://youtu.be/N2e9ICXHkbw&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Restfs the next generation cloud storage
https://youtu.be/9DIpgNzC5KM&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Seamless integration of python and postgresql
https://youtu.be/99AoONzl-Ik&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Spotify Ask us anything
https://youtu.be/G2MfIP7GT4M&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

The story of stackless Python
https://youtu.be/pDkrkP0yf70&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K
Videos 76-100