
Auto-Resizing Table View Cells! (Swift 3 in Xcode).url
https://youtu.be/e1KJQs0frbM&list=PL3MWPU0RhJzFehC7lvSD6Q43GrK96GSLi

Custom Header View! (Swift 3 in Xcode).url
https://youtu.be/gEoiiZZE6cw&list=PL3MWPU0RhJzFehC7lvSD6Q43GrK96GSLi

Custom Table View Cells! (XIB Files  Swift 3 in Xcode 8).url
https://youtu.be/zAWO9rldyUE&list=PL3MWPU0RhJzFehC7lvSD6Q43GrK96GSLi

Design Textfields! (TextFieldEffects  Swift 3 in Xcode).url
https://youtu.be/Sg-hycENnjY&list=PL3MWPU0RhJzFehC7lvSD6Q43GrK96GSLi

For, While, & Repeat Loops! (Swift 3 in Xcode).url
https://youtu.be/_raE5YQcE4Y&list=PL3MWPU0RhJzFehC7lvSD6Q43GrK96GSLi

Getting Directions! (MapKit  Swift 3 in Xcode).url
https://youtu.be/nhUHzst6x1U&list=PL3MWPU0RhJzFehC7lvSD6Q43GrK96GSLi

Getting Started with Stripe! (Swift 3 in Xcode  Part 1).url
https://youtu.be/NdszUvzroxQ&list=PL3MWPU0RhJzFehC7lvSD6Q43GrK96GSLi

If Statements! (Swift Basics  Swift 3 in Xcode 8).url
https://youtu.be/noR_LNbqgLQ&list=PL3MWPU0RhJzFehC7lvSD6Q43GrK96GSLi

In App Purchases! (Swift 3 in Xcode  Swifty Store Kit).url
https://youtu.be/dwPFtwDJ7tc&list=PL3MWPU0RhJzFehC7lvSD6Q43GrK96GSLi

Let's Make Pong! (Part 3  Swift 3 in Xcode  SpriteKit).url
https://youtu.be/MKFfz2YObuY&list=PL3MWPU0RhJzFehC7lvSD6Q43GrK96GSLi

Let's Make Pong! (Pt. 1  Swift 3 in Xcode  SpriteKit).url
https://youtu.be/LdL99CH23E8&list=PL3MWPU0RhJzFehC7lvSD6Q43GrK96GSLi

Let's Make Pong! (Pt. 2  Swift 3 in Xcode  SpriteKit).url
https://youtu.be/7M0VYy2jkEU&list=PL3MWPU0RhJzFehC7lvSD6Q43GrK96GSLi

Let's Make Pong! (Pt. 4  Swift 3 in Xcode  SpriteKit).url
https://youtu.be/AcL_jHgrmCo&list=PL3MWPU0RhJzFehC7lvSD6Q43GrK96GSLi

Loading and Caching Images! (SDWebImage  Swift 3 in Xcode 8).url
https://youtu.be/XPAaxF0rQy0&list=PL3MWPU0RhJzFehC7lvSD6Q43GrK96GSLi

Play Local GIFs! (Swift 3 in Xcode).url
https://youtu.be/Rm61mxcSD4U&list=PL3MWPU0RhJzFehC7lvSD6Q43GrK96GSLi

Playing Audio + Background Play! (Swift 3 in Xcode).url
https://youtu.be/dqad3XuMwHI&list=PL3MWPU0RhJzFehC7lvSD6Q43GrK96GSLi

Scroll View w Images! (Image Literals  Swift 3 in Xcode 8).url
https://youtu.be/LaWnv5sRpho&list=PL3MWPU0RhJzFehC7lvSD6Q43GrK96GSLi

Snap Behavior! (UIKitDynamics  Swift 3 in Xcode).url
https://youtu.be/05Z9Si4MbQU&list=PL3MWPU0RhJzFehC7lvSD6Q43GrK96GSLi

Spotify Search! (Finale  Swift 3 in Xcode 8).url
https://youtu.be/Aegohk-3ffo&list=PL3MWPU0RhJzFehC7lvSD6Q43GrK96GSLi

Spotify Search! (Part 3  Swift 3 in Xcode 8).url
https://youtu.be/AMQ4QxZRal0&list=PL3MWPU0RhJzFehC7lvSD6Q43GrK96GSLi

Spotify Search! (Swift 3 in Xcode 8  Part 1).url
https://youtu.be/FjsxG07haJI&list=PL3MWPU0RhJzFehC7lvSD6Q43GrK96GSLi
Swift 3 Tutorials