
Algorithms - Adusting Your Algorithm
https://youtu.be/hkQkbEIp9jo&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Algorithms - Conquering a Maze
https://youtu.be/1PdQv_EJ2Sg&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Algorithms - Roll Right, Roll Left
https://youtu.be/Dcka3OhqF4Q&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Algorithms - The Right Hand Rule
https://youtu.be/hTs152mh2lQ&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Algorithms - Which Way to Turn
https://youtu.be/RO5NDFq_FOI&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Conditional Code - Boxed In
https://youtu.be/33O_djsobQE&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Conditional Code - Decision Tree
https://youtu.be/ZttCFfoydPY&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Conditional Code - Defining Smarter Functions
https://youtu.be/LwM69EPwmAY&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Logical Operators - Checking This AND That
https://youtu.be/r9X6bOClDMM&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Logical Operators - Checking This OR That
https://youtu.be/cuOZbp-H3bE&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Logical Operators - Spiral of NOT
https://youtu.be/F6dBY67KAzA&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Logical Operators - Using the NOT Operator
https://youtu.be/ONpha9_3coo&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

Logical Operators -Logical Labyrinth
https://youtu.be/PTwtlC5-iXM&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

While Loops - Choosing The Correct Tool
https://youtu.be/fc8_xTu31WQ&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

While Loops - Creating Smarter While Loops
https://youtu.be/Zq-3qPn9yns&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

While Loops - Four by Four
https://youtu.be/hDLC-z5cP30&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

While Loops - Land of Bounty
https://youtu.be/Jtn2FBf5oI0&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

While Loops - Nesting Loops
https://youtu.be/Cpzk9iihImA&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

While Loops - Random Rectangles
https://youtu.be/KY26VWHgCsQ&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

While Loops - Running Code While
https://youtu.be/il_w3MnhJJw&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

While Loops - turned Around
https://youtu.be/rco5_mg53Ig&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw

While Loops - You're Always Right
https://youtu.be/GJvxa7cRde0&list=PLepWyYEuKv9tT6rqrcfgXYumkQGsCM6Hw
Videos 26-47