
Art Talk - How To Deal With Negative Comments Online  Sketchbook Sunday #56
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k57XQsqGTrg&pp=sAQA

Basics of Color Mixing  Oil Painting For Beginners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LrY0m2d9b6Q&pp=sAQA

Cozy drawing day in my studio  Sketchbook Sunday #57
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TsoTwwBPjKg&pp=sAQA

How to Paint a Candle in Oils  Oil Painting for Beginners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2Fe7QZu-2g&pp=sAQA

I dropped out of college to pursue art  Sketchbook Sunday #55
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1q9gu7d2HbQ&pp=sAQA

I Made 31 Oil Paintings in 31 Days
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CBDl9L-ySME&pp=sAQA

I Painted a Magnified Eye  Oil Painting Time Lapse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OUFJaawhdek&pp=sAQA

I Painted a Rainy City  Oil Painting Time Lapse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkYAieDRLrs&pp=sAQA

I painted a video game character  Oil Painting Time Lapse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JQxAWQKuX0&pp=sAQA

I painted myself underwater  Oil Painting Time Lapse  Realistic Underwater Scene
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ludM-0QgTWQ&pp=sAQA

I turned a basic room into an art studio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kb5arUatAdc&pp=sAQA

It took me 2 years to finish this artwork  Oil Painting Time Lapse  Realistic Water Portrait
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oI5JZP3OOV0&pp=sAQA

New Water Paintings, Studio Update, Plein Air Fail  Lena's Art Diary #17
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cN828-UDZvI&pp=sAQA

Oil Painting Portrait Time Lapse  Kat  +quick art chat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_vTQ6W8O-I&pp=sAQA

Oil Painting Time Lapse  Late Summer Waters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CG7mNMwuMMo&pp=sAQA

Oil Painting Time Lapse  Metamorphosis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bi9b4YGa0vE&pp=sAQA

Oil Painting Time Lapse  Mountain Landscape (Where I Got Married!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOKZAME44Yc&pp=sAQA

Oil Painting Time Lapse  Ocean Wave Splash
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uw4iu36FSMo&pp=sAQA

Oil Painting Time Lapse  Secret Oasis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BWqTLT4KOQY&pp=sAQA

Oil Painting Time Lapse  Underwater Rose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XzhkfLoFNK8&pp=sAQA

Oil Painting Tutorial For Beginners  How to Paint Blossoms & Blurry Backgrounds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5fU6uwGMNaU&pp=sAQA

Oiltober Week 1  New oil painting every day of the month!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqNNyRA4tXU&pp=sAQA

Oiltober Week 2  Daily Oil Painting Challenge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-8eFk4yGSU&pp=sAQA

Oiltober Week 3  Painting Every Day  7 Paintings in 7 Days
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58S5O7xh1rc&pp=sAQA

Oiltober Week 4  Oil Painting Every Day Of The Month
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dwcj82SyfGE&pp=sAQA

Painting a cute lizard + Art Chat  Sketchbook Sunday #54
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7h98Xd4Sp8&pp=sAQA

Painting Breonna Taylor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOYYUP5ESJg&pp=sAQA

Pursuing an art career & how I was judged for it  Sketchbook Sunday #52
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8lNMR_iBrw&pp=sAQA

Sketchbook Tour  Flip Through 2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJHHcDnz9HA&pp=sAQA

Sketching A Landscape & Rambling About Burnout  Sketchbook Sunday #53
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17Xeo1dy1k8&pp=sAQA
Lena Danya