
#backtobasics HTTP cookies by Hubert SABLONNIÈRE
https://youtu.be/y6mwekHkgVQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Agile is a Dirty Word by James Birnie
https://youtu.be/2vUgi8OGw5E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Amazon Keynote by James Gosling
https://youtu.be/WuZk23O76Zk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Applied Machine Learning in the Browser with Tensorflow js  by  Pratik Patel
https://youtu.be/q-y6hPeIK1s&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Are You Deploying and Operating with Security in Mind  by Daniel Bryant, Steve Poole
https://youtu.be/GPwgotcNggA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Be reactive and micro with a MicroProfile stack by Ondro Mihályi
https://youtu.be/iwH52Hrn2-0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Beyond the DSL—Unlocking the power of Kafka Streams with the Processor API by Antony Stubbs
https://youtu.be/_KAFdwJ0zBA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Bring serverless to Kubernetes with new open source tools  by  Bret McGowen
https://youtu.be/bYxOx9tcYDE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Digital Signatures and Blockchain How DocuSign Does It by Cyril Thirion
https://youtu.be/Y0QcB0nkWoo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Down the SVG Rabbit Hole Advanced SVG Effects & Optimized Workflow  by  Robyn Larsen
https://youtu.be/rFHwa10ujCU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Event Sourcing   You are doing it wrong by David Schmitz
https://youtu.be/GzrZworHpIk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Exploring reactive programming in Java by Miro Cupak
https://youtu.be/nP-UeleMgE4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Fast and Beautiful Modern Image Delivery Techniques by Doug Sillars
https://youtu.be/Kz8G6P_oTXg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Flight of the Flux a look at Reactor's execution model by  Simon Baslé
https://youtu.be/MkdwriQAllk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

FP vs OOP Choose Two by Brian Goetz
https://youtu.be/HSk5fdKbd3o&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Full stack Reactive Java with Project Reactor & Spring Boot 2 by Mark Heckler
https://youtu.be/KbcciytZJm0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Improving Android Build Performance by Cédric Champeau
https://youtu.be/StahHZ-L83k&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Managing CICD on AWS at scale by Jaap Kabbedijk, Gijsbert van Renswoude
https://youtu.be/7CURI38s1L0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Moe Szyslak vs The Balmer peak by Frank Poncelet
https://youtu.be/BqtyE72bwqQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Open Source Supply Chains and Consumption Risk Governance, Containers & Trust by Ron De Jong
https://youtu.be/0hJ8Gan7iTU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Rethinking Software Systems A friendly introduction to Behavioral Programming by Michael Bar Sinai
https://youtu.be/PW8VdWA0UcA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

The battle of 2 automated conference talk scheduling algorithms for Devoxx by Geoffrey De Smet, Piot
https://youtu.be/GnnMHkY6vKk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Vue js power and flexiblity by Pratik Patel
https://youtu.be/PJ6-Oj-98Vk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Why you're failing your remote workers by Vincent Kok
https://youtu.be/YS62e9IokTY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Write awesome tests by Jeroen Mols
https://youtu.be/F8Gc8Nwf0yk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH
Videos 1-25