
Little Town - Session 05 - 01 Getting Our Sequence Ready
https://youtu.be/OLAaxYgaW4w&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5Lzgd6UbnZ-yFsfyFTXJ36D

Little Town - Session 05 - 02 Preparing Our New Baker
https://youtu.be/oT52dcNIZvY&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5Lzgd6UbnZ-yFsfyFTXJ36D

Little Town - Session 05 - 03 Starting Our First Sequence
https://youtu.be/q0_O6iR-mZc&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5Lzgd6UbnZ-yFsfyFTXJ36D

Little Town - Session 05 - 04 Setting Up The Sequence
https://youtu.be/o45Gbq6T_5E&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5Lzgd6UbnZ-yFsfyFTXJ36D

Little Town - Session 05 - 05 Adding Our First Track
https://youtu.be/tQwnxCvByEo&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5Lzgd6UbnZ-yFsfyFTXJ36D

Little Town - Session 05 - 06 Turning Off Automatic Keyframes
https://youtu.be/f0QEPa1zU0M&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5Lzgd6UbnZ-yFsfyFTXJ36D

Little Town - Session 05 - 07 Editing The First Track
https://youtu.be/ixtPKW6S5E4&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5Lzgd6UbnZ-yFsfyFTXJ36D

Little Town - Session 05 - 08 Adding Parameter Track and Keyframes
https://youtu.be/krf4E0MEuIc&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5Lzgd6UbnZ-yFsfyFTXJ36D

Little Town - Session 05 - 09 Adding a Background to Our Sequence
https://youtu.be/C4FvisXz8YM&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5Lzgd6UbnZ-yFsfyFTXJ36D

Little Town - Session 05 - 10 Extending Our Sequence
https://youtu.be/3-MKw2dQ9iU&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5Lzgd6UbnZ-yFsfyFTXJ36D

Little Town - Session 05 - 11 Bringing in Our Baker
https://youtu.be/3h4IVMrW7uU&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5Lzgd6UbnZ-yFsfyFTXJ36D

Little Town - Session 05 - 12 Making Our Baker Dance
https://youtu.be/rrL-0vfpnNY&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5Lzgd6UbnZ-yFsfyFTXJ36D

Little Town - Session 05 - 13 Completing The Baker Sequence
https://youtu.be/TRjoiUDfzbw&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5Lzgd6UbnZ-yFsfyFTXJ36D

Little Town - Session 05 - 14 Copying and Pasting
https://youtu.be/EQRCwqAxTMw&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5Lzgd6UbnZ-yFsfyFTXJ36D

Little Town - Session 05 - 15 Adding Music to Our Sequence
https://youtu.be/DBK8m45zEAA&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5Lzgd6UbnZ-yFsfyFTXJ36D

Little Town - Session 05 - 16 Broadcast Messages
https://youtu.be/418fcmvarV0&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5Lzgd6UbnZ-yFsfyFTXJ36D

Little Town - Session 05 - 17 Creating Our Baker Sequence
https://youtu.be/ir-I1JkN9bI&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5Lzgd6UbnZ-yFsfyFTXJ36D

Little Town - Session 05 - 18 Sequences for the Teacher
https://youtu.be/WD7uplbvVlM&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5Lzgd6UbnZ-yFsfyFTXJ36D

Little Town - Session 05 - 19 Sequences for the Grocer
https://youtu.be/yZ-JZoitMrg&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5Lzgd6UbnZ-yFsfyFTXJ36D

Little Town - Session 05 - 20 Control a Sequence
https://youtu.be/6FXu7iw6OAQ&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5Lzgd6UbnZ-yFsfyFTXJ36D

Little Town - Session 05 - 21 Object With Sequences
https://youtu.be/OlrqQwpQjmU&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5Lzgd6UbnZ-yFsfyFTXJ36D

Little Town - Session 05 - 22 Testing Our Sequence
https://youtu.be/Ml9XklqJbP8&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5Lzgd6UbnZ-yFsfyFTXJ36D

Little Town - Session 05 - 23 Using Broadcast Messages
https://youtu.be/RJmlkxtDCoM&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5Lzgd6UbnZ-yFsfyFTXJ36D

Little Town - Session 05 - 24 Using States Sequences
https://youtu.be/PsqC8NGsCgM&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5Lzgd6UbnZ-yFsfyFTXJ36D
Little Town - Session 05