
How to build a Multithreaded HTTP Server in Ruby from Scratch  Preview
https://youtu.be/6Zpq7R51Rfs&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

HTTP Server from Scratch Rack & Rails Support  Preview
https://youtu.be/XmpP5IQy-gI&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 25 Twitter Account Model
https://youtu.be/o48-i4m6W78&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 26 Table Plus
https://youtu.be/0jhSV6BQJXg&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 27 Twitter Accounts Page
https://youtu.be/IUFRC9RXs_Y&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 28 Setting Records with Before Actions
https://youtu.be/1cGrocFSGIE&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 29 Tweets Index & New Actions
https://youtu.be/dYx0mUDK1Xc&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 30 Tweet Validations
https://youtu.be/B7Rq4538W1o&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 31 Tweet Partial
https://youtu.be/jxsf6-bWJcY&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 32 Edit and Destroy Tweets
https://youtu.be/IG-lEKwv_fE&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 33 Twitter API
https://youtu.be/tvDq_JJenjs&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 34 Background Job for Posting Tweets
https://youtu.be/vvNJlgiQtGQ&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 35 Editing Tweets
https://youtu.be/4D3Ub3_e3EA&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 36 Background Jobs with Sidekiq
https://youtu.be/aaGSh38nzq8&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 37 Creating a GitHub Repo to store our code
https://youtu.be/YJM5pl_Xlxs&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 38 Deploying to Heroku
https://youtu.be/bQ2wXZf9irA&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 39 Dependent Destroy Model Associations
https://youtu.be/TZkRZsLsjFM&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 41 Next Steps
https://youtu.be/ZxuUAUQGdN8&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

[OLD] Rails for Beginners Part 27 Twitter Accounts Page
https://youtu.be/06jOyisd_bA&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

[OLD] Rails for Beginners Part 40 OmniAuth CSRF Protection
https://youtu.be/NDxvUeseqXk&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56
Videos 26-45