
Drawing a Patriotic Rose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GIG8PFRsGUU&pp=sAQA

Drawing a Photorealistic Sweater (Knitted Fabric)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KGZvkKqdjE0&pp=sAQA

Drawing Art Rooney Sr. and Tim Mara Sr.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gFe3JiUFMQ0&pp=sAQA

Drawing Ashley Horner and Otto
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qit7X87A9OA&pp=sAQA

Drawing Avicii (Tim Bergling)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5E01anZBAP0&pp=sAQA

Drawing Billie Eilish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cGqB5cHrTI&pp=sAQA

Drawing Chris Hemsworth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5uBYtVQFmE&pp=sAQA

Drawing Chris Pratt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWBvlq_az3U&pp=sAQA

Drawing Elephants - The Circle of Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C66ddNUe25k&pp=sAQA

Drawing Heaven, Kenzo, and Hendrix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ou5x7tBdwHA&pp=sAQA

Drawing Joe Rogan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvSb3ZNxpIk&pp=sAQA

Drawing John Krasinski
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-JWIKMqD8nE&pp=sAQA

Drawing Katrín Davíðsdóttir
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7UKcn9H7sM&pp=sAQA

Drawing Kevin Hart, Chris Rock, and Dave Chappelle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wi7-fsMxdQ&pp=sAQA

Drawing Kevin Hart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0LkW_0zy3ig&pp=sAQA

Drawing Kobe and Gianna Bryant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7DHH0SlRyQ&pp=sAQA

Drawing Lily Flowers - Saint Joseph Prayer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQ01jcJyexs&pp=sAQA

Drawing Misty Copeland
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ks8bde9ZJSk&pp=sAQA

Drawing Our Lady of Guadalupe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pxbnx9DGGsw&pp=sAQA

Drawing Ralph Lauren
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ogf2eQAEBks&pp=sAQA

Drawing The Rock (Dwayne Johnson)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3dJ6Ck1xRA&pp=sAQA

Drawing Tom Ford
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BOHgc0BEWSc&pp=sAQA

Drawing Tom Holland
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ClFVuPQpvI&pp=sAQA

Heather Rooney - New York City Art Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9Q8hw1FRko&pp=sAQA

Metal Prints of My Drawings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5GgGD0d1K0&pp=sAQA

Real Time Drawing Progress Videos - Patreon Preview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3S57FgiAjGs&pp=sAQA

Self Portrait - Graphite Drawing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TZy-Yc_HTc&pp=sAQA

Self Portrait Drawing - Colored Pencil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKdNSl-kKD8&pp=sAQA

Stand Together with Love - Graphite Drawing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tC6dJfN330s&pp=sAQA

Steelers Vs. Giants Pregame Drawing Feature
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TFTAZlZ_zeE&pp=sAQA
Heather Rooney