
A brief history of plural word...s - John McWhorter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gwJHuEa9Jc&list=

A brief history of video games (Part I) - Safwat Saleem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x24KoVNliMk&list=

A host of heroes - April Gudenrath
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_p9Q8Dj3X2c&list=

A trip through space to calculate distance - Heather Tunnell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edD3nwNcxcA&list=

Activation energy Kickstarting chemical reactions - Vance Kite
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0ZyjpAin_Y&list=

An exercise in time perception - Matt Danzico
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwvkdqDoqdM&list=

Animation basics Homemade special effects - TED-Ed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dq-3JfRrgRM&list=

Animation basics The optical illusion of motion - TED-Ed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8A4qudmsX0&list=

Are Elvish, Klingon, Dothraki and Na'vi real languages - John McWhorter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a5mZ0R3h8m0&list=

Become a slam poet in five steps - Gayle Danley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9f8VcV8v2LE&list=

Big Data - Tim Smith
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-0cUmUyb-Y&list=

Biofuels and bioprospecting for beginners - Craig A. Kohn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_lT6mJM_fA&list=

Bird migration, a perilous journey - Alyssa Klavans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-mMMpl_T80&list=

Birth of a nickname - John McWhorter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KA7mpOvTgs8&list=

Cicadas The dormant army beneath your feet - Rose Eveleth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8iaoEkpnvVk&list=

Comma story - Terisa Folaron
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHnl1O3NGJk&list=

Conserving our spectacular, vulnerable coral reefs - Joshua Drew
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TPmlD6demPk&list=

Da Vinci's Vitruvian Man of math - James Earle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aMsaFP3kgqQ&list=

Dark matter The matter we can't see - James Gillies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HneiEA1B8ks&list=

Defining cyberwarfare...in hopes of preventing it - Daniel Garrie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVoDwtyvDJc&list=

Disappearing frogs - Kerry M. Kriger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NvP6j4Dj0VA&list=

Dissecting Botticelli's Adoration of the Magi - James Earle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8ffs_MeY5M&list=

Distorting Madonna in Medieval art - James Earle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ReM-G9V5VrY&list=

DNA The book of you - Joe Hanson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeAL6xThfL8&list=

Equality, sports, and Title IX - Erin Buzuvis and Kristine Newhall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KymR6N1HT88&list=

Euclid's puzzling parallel postulate - Jeff Dekofsky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPET_HhN0VM&list=

Exploring other dimensions - Alex Rosenthal and George Zaidan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6kn6nXMWF0&list=

Four sisters in Ancient Rome - Ray Laurence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQMgLxVxsrw&list=

Four ways to understand the Earth's age - Joshua M. Sneideman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkxWmh-tFGs&list=

Fresh water scarcity An introduction to the problem - Christiana Z. Peppard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otrpxtAmDAk&list=

Got seeds Just add bleach, acid and sandpaper - Mary Koga
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zmB3Gx3e_s&list=

Gravity and the human body - Jay Buckey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7CuYx9mZCQA&list=

Gridiron physics Scalars and vectors - Michelle Buchanan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nF5S0FLp19Y&list=

Gyotaku The ancient Japanese art of printing fish - K. Erica Dodge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_mG-Ka4mv8&list=

Historical role models - Amy Bissetta
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CsOwVZrWRYc&list=

How art can help you analyze - Amy E. Herman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubEadhXWwV4&list=

How big is the ocean - Scott Gass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUW_Zv_jJb8&list=

How did English evolve - Kate Gardoqui
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kIzFz9T5rhI&list=

How did feathers evolve - Carl Zimmer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPLgfGX1I5Y&list=

How did trains standardize time in the United States - William Heuisler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBpTohx1BOc&list=

How do cancer cells behave differently from healthy ones - George Zaidan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BmFEoCFDi-w&list=

How do you decide where to go in a zombie apocalypse - David Hunter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdtQgwOOiBg&list=

How do you know whom to trust - Ram Neta
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aTfat5TZyI8&list=

How does an atom-smashing particle accelerator work - Don Lincoln
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6mmIzRz_f8&list=

How does work...work - Peter Bohacek
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6y2RPQw7E0&list=

How farming planted seeds for the Internet - Patricia Russac
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Evl0tQAdXI&list=

How is power divided in the United States government - Belinda Stutzman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HuFR5XBYLfU&list=

How Mendel's pea plants helped us understand genetics - Hortensia Jiménez Díaz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mehz7tCxjSE&list=

How polarity makes water behave strangely - Christina Kleinberg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASLUY2U1M-8&list=

How to defeat a dragon with math - Garth Sundem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H6syI3xiBBg&list=

How to organize, add and multiply matrices - Bill Shillito
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqWCwwyeE6k&list=

How to read music - Tim Hansen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZN41d7Txcq0&list=

How to set the table - Anna Post
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KoU1XiQJ1vo&list=

How to take a great picture - Carolina Molinari
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6Doq-mdx6w&list=

How we see color - Colm Kelleher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8_fZPHasdo&list=

Human sperm vs. the sperm whale - Aatish Bhatia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9g4gRWkFTs&list=

If superpowers were real Body mass - Joy Lin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpV7DKwcqbk&list=

If superpowers were real Flight - Joy Lin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GDYCxQYbjg&list=

If superpowers were real Immortality - Joy Lin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvMiz0-nPxs&list=

If superpowers were real Invisibility - Joy Lin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-YLJ-pHRhA&list=

If superpowers were real Super speed - Joy Lin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryGR06dlPf0&list=

If superpowers were real Super strength - Joy Lin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WOQhduHFp2I&list=

If superpowers were real, which would you choose - Joy Lin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0jF9xyF8mxQ&list=

Illuminating photography From camera obscura to camera phone - Eva Timothy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XaGUL8B-BrE&list=

In on a secret That's dramatic irony - Christopher Warner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZFYuX84n1U&list=

Inside a cartoonist's world - Liza Donnelly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1c3AQT_Lex4&list=

Inside OKCupid The math of online dating - Christian Rudder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9PiPlRuy6E&list=

Inside your computer - Bettina Bair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AkFi90lZmXA&list=

Insights into cell membranes via dish detergent - Ethan Perlstein
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yAXnYcUjn5k&list=

Inventing the American presidency - Kenneth C. Davis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3kcl2HDlww&list=

Is light a particle or a wave - Colm Kelleher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1yIApZtLos&list=

Is space trying to kill us - Ron Shaneyfelt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iX2w3q_O25c&list=

Is there a center of the universe - Marjee Chmiel and Trevor Owens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIVkvrEiVm0&list=

Kabuki The people's dramatic art - Amanda Mattes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oidE2SSDczw&list=

Life of an astronaut - Jerry Carr
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZyNwGD3XE0&list=

Light waves, visible and invisible - Lucianne Walkowicz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O0PawPSdk28&list=

Making a TED-Ed Lesson Animating zombies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INFKdqxLgPs&list=

Making a TED-Ed Lesson Animation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OB6WYW6kp2s&list=

Making a TED-Ed Lesson Concept and design
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8xJs2Yjf8I&list=

Making a TED-Ed Lesson Creative process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M21jHWxdI2w&list=

Making a TED-Ed Lesson Synesthesia and playing cards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMpi8Zf6FFc&list=

Making a TED-Ed Lesson Two ways to animate slam poetry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onZEkLpQ0FA&list=

Making sense of how life fits together - Bobbi Seleski
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYSlId-Ri7Q&list=

Mining literature for deeper meanings - Amy E. Harter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eREopphW5Bw&list=

Mysteries of vernacular Assassin - Jessica Oreck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5sqS3sQ7Z4&list=

Mysteries of vernacular Bewilder - Jessica Oreck and Rachael Teel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxLLAe-k1W4&list=

Mysteries of vernacular Clue - Jessica Oreck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOXuJqr1UhU&list=

Mysteries of vernacular Dynamite - Jessica Oreck and Rachael Teel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Srq2yAABc1Q&list=

Mysteries of vernacular Earwig - Jessica Oreck and Rachael Teel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-fopkhoHMI&list=

Mysteries of vernacular Fizzle - Jessica Oreck and Rachael Teel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TGixIAP92c&list=

Mysteries of vernacular Gorgeous - Jessica Oreck and Rachael Teel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhMGK4dsgYw&list=

Mysteries of vernacular Hearse - Jessica Oreck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ECjNoY_qNfE&list=

Mysteries of vernacular Inaugurate - Jessica Oreck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmOTf0eYcgo&list=

Mysteries of vernacular Jade - Jessica Oreck and Rachael Teel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wLmi3CYGjX4&list=

Mysteries of vernacular Keister - Jessica Oreck and Rachael Teel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBOD4QTYa0k&list=

Mysteries of vernacular Miniature - Jessica Oreck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_JqwvvEpRM&list=

Mysteries of vernacular Noise - Jessica Oreck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXYWGyjelU8&list=

Mysteries of vernacular Pants - Jessica Oreck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UdGShxutLeE&list=

Mysteries of vernacular Quarantine - Jessica Oreck and Rachael Teel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MBZBqNrsAPM&list=

Mysteries of vernacular Sarcophagus - Jessica Oreck and Rachael Teel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0-iSrj6pNU&list=

Mysteries of vernacular Tuxedo - Jessica Oreck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rk9MIXSK1tM&list=

Mysteries of vernacular Venom - Jessica Oreck and Rachael Teel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SsHnfVmb9OE&list=

Mysteries of vernacular Window - Jessica Oreck and Rachael Teel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k490Y72c1ig&list=

Mysteries of vernacular X-ray - Jessica Oreck and Rachael Teel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=liMQHQxkSYA&list=

Mysteries of vernacular Zero - Jessica Oreck and Rachael Teel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkZrzmVZnCA&list=

Myths and misconceptions about evolution - Alex Gendler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZt1Gn0R22Q&list=

Network theory - Marc Samet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eM1KaaTez0A&list=

Networking for the networking averse - Lisa Green Chau
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=garadDEgkwU&list=

Overcoming obstacles - Steven Claunch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2MGMvEnoD6U&list=

Pavlovian reactions aren't just for dogs - Benjamin N. Witts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgCvNSQ82Iw&list=

Phenology and nature's shifting rhythms - Regina Brinker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RNs3XpRmRfI&list=

Pizza physics (New York-style) - Colm Kelleher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGl3_92KW7I&list=

Pros and cons of public opinion polls - Jason Robert Jaffe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubR8rEgSZSU&list=

Pruney fingers A gripping story - Mark Changizi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7ve_ibAY1s&list=

Radioactivity Expect the unexpected - Steve Weatherall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJgc28csgV0&list=

Reasons for the seasons - Rebecca Kaplan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DD_8Jm5pTLk&list=

RNAi Slicing, dicing and serving your cells - Alex Dainis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzlGU5EI9rU&list=

Self-assembly The power of organizing the unorganized - Skylar Tibbits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Lfm1uRPqo8&list=

Shakespearean dating tips - Anthony John Peters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNMwhaSHK9Q&list=

Should you trust your first impression - Peter Mende-Siedlecki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eK0NzsGRceg&list=

Situational irony The opposite of what you think - Christopher Warner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqg6RO8c_W0&list=

Slowing down time (in writing & film) - Aaron Sitze
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqAee-QsjMU&list=

Solving the puzzle of the periodic table - Eric Rosado
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-48znAg7VE&list=

Speech acts Constative and performative - Colleen Glenney Boggs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LgmpbXIGpcc&list=

The Arctic vs. the Antarctic - Camille Seaman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5VRoGTF60s&list=

The basics of the Higgs boson - Dave Barney and Steve Goldfarb
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IElHgJG5Fe4&list=

The beginning of the universe, for beginners - Tom Whyntie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmUiCweDic4&list=

The brilliance of bioluminescence - Leslie Kenna
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKjFVBVGad0&list=

The contributions of female explorers - Courtney Stephens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60GAfOakQHA&list=

The difference between classical and operant conditioning - Peggy Andover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H6LEcM0E0io&list=

The emergence of drama as a literary art - Mindy Ploeckelmann
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yzcxd8tsJ3Q&list=

The game-changing amniotic egg - April Tucker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qq0kMEWzdHg&list=

The genius of Mendeleev's periodic table - Lou Serico
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fPnwBITSmgU&list=

The greatest machine that never was - John Graham-Cumming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlfChYGv3Z4&list=

The hidden meanings of yin and yang - John Bellaimey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezmR9Attpyc&list=

The Higgs Field, explained - Don Lincoln
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=joTKd5j3mzk&list=

The historical audacity of the Louisiana Purchase - Judy Walton
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sMh8RCqJf9U&list=

The infamous and ingenious Ho Chi Minh Trail - Cameron Paterson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=poE_nNW9-yk&list=

The infinite life of pi - Reynaldo Lopes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9a5vHXsUvUw&list=

The moon illusion - Andrew Vanden Heuvel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXkYjL_7jME&list=

The most groundbreaking scientist you've never heard of - Addison Anderson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=If4I3aF1PRg&list=

The punishable perils of plagiarism - Melissa Huseman D'Annunzio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SrjoaaIxaJI&list=

The science of macaroni salad What's in a mixture - Josh Kurz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vt7lN4QPU0k&list=

The science of macaroni salad What's in a molecule - Josh Kurz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4WR0_gEEZ9I&list=

The simple story of photosynthesis and food - Amanda Ooten
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eo5XndJaz-Y&list=

The story behind the Boston Tea Party - Ben Labaree
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cT_Z0KGhP8&list=

The terrors of sleep paralysis - Ami Angelowicz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ub8Wj_tJhdQ&list=

Three anti-social skills to improve your writing - Nadia Kalman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flthk8SNiiE&list=

Tracking grizzly bears from space - David Laskin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mW1xBc1dwqI&list=

Urbanization and the future of cities - Vance Kite
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKnAJCSGSdk&list=

Vermicomposting How worms can reduce our waste - Matthew Ross
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8miLevRI_o&list=

What are stem cells - Craig A. Kohn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evH0I7Coc54&list=

What cameras see that our eyes don't - Bill Shribman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUiemQTEOYQ&list=

What color is Tuesday Exploring synesthesia - Richard E. Cytowic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkRbebvoYqI&list=

What creates a total solar eclipse - Andy Cohen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qog18tiNnqg&list=

What happened to antimatter - Rolf Landua
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtR5EkvLNfg&list=

What if we could look inside human brains - Moran Cerf
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sewhbmh0ECg&list=

What is an aurora - Michael Molina
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czMh3BnHFHQ&list=

What is chemical equilibrium - George Zaidan and Charles Morton
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dUMmoPdwBy4&list=

What is color - Colm Kelleher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZ5UGnU7oOI&list=

What is dyslexia - Kelli Sandman-Hurley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zafiGBrFkRM&list=

What is déjà vu What is déjà vu - Michael Molina
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=foVMwJtlR5s&list=

What is fat - George Zaidan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhUrc4BnPgg&list=

What is love - Brad Troeger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sY4rhvB9LE&list=

What is verbal irony - Christopher Warner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IiR-bnCHIYo&list=

What is Zeno's Dichotomy Paradox - Colm Kelleher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EfqVnj-sgcc&list=

What makes a hero - Matthew Winkler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hhk4N9A0oCA&list=

What on Earth is spin - Brian Jones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4JUTnkiGpI&list=

What's an algorithm - David J. Malan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hfOvs8pY1k&list=

What's below the tip of the iceberg - Camille Seaman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-PPGe7MU6ME&list=

What's the definition of comedy Banana. - Addison Anderson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7ilIYMqjJA&list=

Where we get our fresh water - Christiana Z. Peppard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pz6AQXQGupQ&list=

Who is Alexander von Humboldt - George Mehler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EzakQuKqBeQ&list=

Who won the space race  - Jeff Steers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxpC-8f--xo&list=

Why are blue whales so enormous - Asha de Vos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FrK9WDMOqBI&list=

Why do Americans and Canadians celebrate Labor Day -Kenneth C. Davis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YqmPE2HtkyU&list=

Why do we have to wear sunscreen - Kevin P. Boyd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSJITdsTze0&list=

Why extremophiles bode well for life beyond Earth - Louisa Preston
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bsp5JYNMAQE&list=

Why is there a b in doubt - Gina Cooke
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YvABHCJm3aA&list=

Would you weigh less in an elevator - Carol Hedden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2k-2IlJcaHg&list=

You are your microbes - Jessica Green and Karen Guillemin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1X8p0vhsWRE&list=
TED-ED