
Apple Swift iOS 8 Tutorial Simple Local Notification Actions iOS App
https://youtu.be/Yh3lLpV1k_Y

Apple Swift Tutorial Create your own Classes and Functions
https://youtu.be/s5NyEvESuqU

Apple Swift Tutorial iOS Swift Demo App for UIKit
https://youtu.be/dxiv_tOEUUQ

Apple Swift Tutorial Preview in Interface Builder and Blur Effect using Xcode 6
https://youtu.be/U02gPfxPWIs

Apple Swift Tutorial Simple iOS Swift GAME Part 1
https://youtu.be/CpIoHPUyu8s

Apple Swift Tutorial Simple iOS Swift GAME Part 2
https://youtu.be/ylIIy5EbsWQ

Apple Swift Tutorial Simple iOS Swift GUI Application
https://youtu.be/zlbrRlVxs38

Cocoa Tutorial Core Data Introduction in iOS and Mac OS Programming Part 1
https://youtu.be/icB_6ZydCUM

Cocoa Tutorial Core Data Introduction in iOS and Mac OS Programming Part 2
https://youtu.be/imGTX_YJMa8

Cocoa Tutorial Core Data Introduction in iOS and Mac OS Programming Part 3
https://youtu.be/H2BxGEGyeLg

Cocoa Tutorial Custom NSView Background Color
https://youtu.be/K8eWIZ39W4A

Cocoa Tutorial Using NSViewController like UIViewController
https://youtu.be/056mKj-ClM4

First Steps with Apple Swift Tutorial
https://youtu.be/ewjZ11hBSno

iOS and Swift Beginner Tutorial App like Twitter using Parse Part 1
https://youtu.be/Q6kTw_cK3zY

iOS and Swift Beginner Tutorial App like Twitter using Parse Part 2
https://youtu.be/Q6qcrO8uNzU

iOS and Swift Beginner Tutorial Data and Files in the cloud with Parse
https://youtu.be/RBnVWWqFZX0

iOS and Swift Beginner Tutorial Remote Push Notifications
https://youtu.be/__zMnlsfwj4

iOS and Swift Beginner Tutorial Simple To-Do-List iOS App Part 1
https://youtu.be/sxDSc2Z2W4g

iOS and Swift Beginner Tutorial Simple To-Do-List iOS App Part 2
https://youtu.be/mEYHd91YzNI

iOS Swift Basics Tutorial Protocols and Delegates
https://youtu.be/9LHDsSWc680

iOS Swift CoreData Tutorial Create a real world App Part 1
https://youtu.be/K6PfveuxUEk

iOS Swift CoreData Tutorial Create a real world App Part 2
https://youtu.be/Fv-A8lKn7VY
Videos 176-197