
21 Features You Need Now  Master Class with Loren Shure
https://youtu.be/lSQ6vS6lBcw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Choosing a Machine Learning Algorithm- MATLAB Live!
https://youtu.be/VgyYWv908Y4&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Data Analytics with MATLAB  Master Class with Loren Shure
https://youtu.be/b4sq1dIdBS8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Deep Learning Overview for Images and Video  Master Class with Loren Shure
https://youtu.be/GfC5fTiZH_4&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Getting Started with MATLAB - Live!
https://youtu.be/jdU-4pdrg_c&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Machine Learning with MATLAB  Coursera Course Highlights and Q&A
https://youtu.be/pgAb5Rtm0OY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Making an LED Halloween costume w MATLAB, Arduino, and ThingSpeak...Live!
https://youtu.be/X-eDkuacQAc&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

MATLAB Basics â€“ A Practical Look
https://youtu.be/hYSGTdbO-5g&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

MATLAB for Analyzing and Visualizing Geospatial Data  Master Class with Loren Shure
https://youtu.be/0xC0ZO_zaYs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Object-Oriented Programming in MATLAB  Master Class with Loren Shure
https://youtu.be/XOkn-zxhwc4&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Private video
https://youtu.be/10r-erpY0Wc&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Programming Robot Behavior with Stateflow? - Live!
https://youtu.be/IVZyc2eUUrQ&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Simulink Basics - A Practical Look
https://youtu.be/QIAxyLchf4k&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Star Wars Data Science Analyzing the Universe...Live!
https://youtu.be/SELamjOS_eI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Synchronizing Time-Series Data Using MATLAB
https://youtu.be/ltheBeYpCxs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Top Questions About Using GitHub and MATLAB  Working from Home with MATLAB, Part 2
https://youtu.be/jOh-7ImGQZo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Using Deep Learning to Recognize and Classify Animals  MATLAB in the Wild
https://youtu.be/rZwq7J2QETw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Using MATLAB with Python
https://youtu.be/y7NBT6O0fJU&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Whats New in MATLAB - Not Your Parents' MATLAB
https://youtu.be/ePycgNYYVao&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Working From Home (Together!) Using MATLAB
https://youtu.be/xlS3-vX0Gsk&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Working with Tables and Table Arrays in MATLAB
https://youtu.be/vkQSAxTzfII&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Working with Text in MATLAB  Using Strings w+$
https://youtu.be/AzyZPCYmmpg&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Working with Time and Frequency in MATLAB  Master Class with Loren Shure
https://youtu.be/8L5yXj2x_ec&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI
Videos 26-48