
Arduino on Rails by Michael Milewski
https://youtu.be/ASWD4EZqylU&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Circuit Breaker in Ruby with Circuitbox  - Rafael Nunes - ROROSyd August 2020
https://youtu.be/33l9ROqmapk&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Docker for Developer Happiness - Mike Rogers
https://youtu.be/FGEcfRE58Ag&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Exercism Challenge Acronym - Jacin Yan
https://youtu.be/m3AOpnpqDVI&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Exercism Challenge Binary Search Tree - ROROSyd October 2020
https://youtu.be/-m4UvFDy3Hw&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Exercism Challenge Darts - Mike Rogers
https://youtu.be/LRbHT9Th7ZM&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Exercism Challenge ISBN Verifier by Bence Fulop
https://youtu.be/OFym5QlfalU&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Exercism Challenge Space Age - Bence Fulop
https://youtu.be/rQ-JFE1mE74&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Exercism Challenge The Tournament - Sam Hammond
https://youtu.be/fceyL62py1E&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Exercism Challenge Tournament by Mathieu Longe
https://youtu.be/GnLMSTG8v08&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Exercism Challenge Twelve Days - ROROSyd October 2020
https://youtu.be/rvuUWVHGXeA&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Exercism Simple Linked List - Sugendran Ganess
https://youtu.be/igZt_W-AZ1U&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Github Actions & Rails - Hemanth Haridas
https://youtu.be/iq0SfgKLIvY&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

How (and why) to write a GraphQL API in ruby by Michael Morris
https://youtu.be/D9Ng7QXsBo4&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

How to write code-base specific lints for correctness and security using Semgrep - Clint Gibler
https://youtu.be/IfXxV1nzfJA&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Intro to Crystal - Amit Gaur
https://youtu.be/1TLSC16Hf_4&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Introduction To TimeZones - Lang Sharpe
https://youtu.be/FfUay3iBSOc&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Making the most of the developer market - Debbie Teakle
https://youtu.be/Tq2_6_ndLqU&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

N+1 & Eager loading & Beyond - Rafael Nunes
https://youtu.be/5ou4kZtgnoY&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Pokemon Ruby In Ruby - Nathan ODonnell
https://youtu.be/OpBo5NZQsmc&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Seeding Data in Ruby on Rails - Mike Rogers
https://youtu.be/ZSZVUUQvyKI&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Stimulus Reflex - Insert Snappy Title Here - Mathew Button - ROROSyd July 2020
https://youtu.be/sawnSXFkDng&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

The Joy of Docs Technical Writing for Developers and Engineers by Dana Scheider
https://youtu.be/l8pFr1y14f8&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

What is CrystalBall - Lang Sharpe
https://youtu.be/3NleoGVrDQ0&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Work-life balance - what it is and how to get it by Elle Meredith
https://youtu.be/l5o9gq50ZcE&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND
Videos 26-50