
JS Quick Hits 41 - Immutable Maps
https://youtu.be/FVq5-zAfBTY

JS Quick Hits 42 - Code Refactoring With FizzBuzz!
https://youtu.be/qPLnLX-ZisA

JS Quick Hits 43 - Semicolon Insertion
https://youtu.be/ZdroVZg-x44

JS Quick Hits 44 - Node File System Part 1
https://youtu.be/_cwRg2bw6uw

JS Quick Hits 45 - Node.js File System Part 2
https://youtu.be/7R4foKgq50U

JS Quick Hits 46 - Recursion Demystified
https://youtu.be/_8ROa4aGHQc

JS Quick Hits 47 - Recursion Continued
https://youtu.be/7eu0bNyltSA

JS Quick Hits 48 - An Introduction to GraphQL
https://youtu.be/V6SIgSfmhP4

JS Quick Hits 49 - Querying GraphQL
https://youtu.be/5yceNkYSRSE

JS Quick Hits 50 - Enhanced GraphQL Queries
https://youtu.be/w9D9av4QuU0

JS Quick Hits 51 - GraphQL Mutations
https://youtu.be/G-8jhRsGkdc

JS Quick Hits 52 - Intro to Express
https://youtu.be/ZQuM6xnAC7M

JS Quick Hits 53 - Express App.js
https://youtu.be/vbMb9F5r_TU

JS Quick Hits 54 - Express Routes
https://youtu.be/n7KScdl2N8c

JS Quick Hits 55 - Express Views
https://youtu.be/yamjBieKnDM

JS Quick Hits 56 - Express Middleware
https://youtu.be/2dFN2EAkw9U

JS Quick Hits 57 - Event Listeners
https://youtu.be/9RsYVpyHasc

JS Quick Hits 58 - Working with the Querystring
https://youtu.be/Ib4bbtB1cK8

JS Quick Hits 59 - Interview Gotchas 1
https://youtu.be/Q1uxUUIj_tQ

JS Quick Hits 60 - Full-Stack Project Part 1 - Setup
https://youtu.be/892S4AYC6n0

JS Quick Hits 61 - Full-Stack Project Part 2 - Validation
https://youtu.be/dPNZ3APe05w

JS Quick Hits 62 - Full-Stack Project Part 3 - Handling POSTs
https://youtu.be/DoGW6dNQKKo

JS Quick Hits 63 - Full-Stack Project Part 4 - XHR
https://youtu.be/uGGTurjoxdU

JS Quick Hits 64 - Full-Stack Project Part 5 - SMTP
https://youtu.be/Z8uyYtrJqSw

JS Quick Hits 65 - Full Stack Project Part 6 - .env Demystified
https://youtu.be/gUlQyoASWHU
Videos 51-75