
A tour of the (advanced) Akka features in 60 minutes by Johan Janssen
https://youtu.be/4sP8v9lM6Kw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Artificial Intelligence - the (near) future of software development by Jedrzej Osinski
https://youtu.be/XD3DAE_eWJ8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Avoid the headaches – Make your asynchronous code look synchronous! by Jordane Grenat
https://youtu.be/dIABJZsvfWI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

BPMN plus DMN Combining Workflows and Decisions by Niall Deehan
https://youtu.be/FmZKTgYuv4s&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Cloud Native Java by Josh Long
https://youtu.be/JDcl4kT6Qmo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Designing for Performance by Martin Thompson
https://youtu.be/03GsLxVdVzU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Do you really want to go fully micro by Robert Munteanu
https://youtu.be/a3uCeV2Dst4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Easily secure your Front and back applications with KeyCloak by Sebastien Blanc
https://youtu.be/RGp4HUKikts&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

g ∘ f patterns by Mario Fusco
https://youtu.be/Rmer37g9AZM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Going global with Nomad and Google Cloud Platform by Bastiaan Bakker
https://youtu.be/cZY6kLyoI7I&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

How to test your awesome iOS mobile application  by Maxime David
https://youtu.be/mx4ISpaOjPo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

In-memory data revenge the substrate between apps and data - an Infinispan case by Emmanuel Bernard
https://youtu.be/-ZxorLP_ROQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

It is tough to be an application in 2016. Lagom can help. by Katrin Shechtman
https://youtu.be/DrqUY5ngT3k&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

It’s Java Jim, But Not As We Know It by Simon Ritter
https://youtu.be/bhSBpNXwa60&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Java 9 Modularity in Action by Sander Mak & Paul Bakker
https://youtu.be/oy3202OFPpM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

JUnit 5 Next Generation Testing on the JVM by Nicolai Parlog
https://youtu.be/VfC00bby8XQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Lambda Puzzlers by Peter Lawrey
https://youtu.be/tSbK3A9QMmI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Mobycraft Manage Docker containers using Minecraft by Arun Gupta
https://youtu.be/b3OWQ7mO6Ec&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Modern web development using Aurelia by Harro Lissenberg
https://youtu.be/vOyH3-Rybtw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Modular web applications using Across and Spring by Arne Vandamme
https://youtu.be/wcWDlU-n1uQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Reactive Streams principles applied in Akka Streams by Eric Loots
https://youtu.be/n_q7sDTANFg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Sentiment analysis of social media posts using Apache Spark by Niels Dommerholt
https://youtu.be/jyPkiU8vX5A&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Supercharge your web app with the new Firebase by Bret McGowen
https://youtu.be/6KRyx8uDDFc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Wait, what Our microservices have actual human users by Stefan Tilkov
https://youtu.be/jJxmi8nrHwg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Zen & The Art of Angular 2 by Igor Minar
https://youtu.be/3eOFCn5COvc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s
Videos 1-25