
Hibernate Tip  How to avoid MultipleBagFetchException
https://youtu.be/Z7YAgbRbVjo&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip  How to create and initialize a database
https://youtu.be/nuOIA56d6iQ&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip  How to detach an entity from the persistence context
https://youtu.be/p-euc3vQQAc&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip  How to map an entity to multiple tables
https://youtu.be/GBtZ_smkW6E&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip  How to map multiple entities to the same table
https://youtu.be/RxE9nU285nM&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip Easiest way to manage bi-directional associations
https://youtu.be/WtmCgL1FMdQ&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip Get the SQL Connection used by your Hibernate Session
https://youtu.be/cCcfZ4QQAiM&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip How to Call a Function that returns a SYS_REFCURSOR
https://youtu.be/U6HQPV9D43E&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip How to call a PostgreSQL function
https://youtu.be/4Qw7kDGolYA&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip How to downcast an entity in your JPQL query
https://youtu.be/RVmGGrqwhyE&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip How to escape table and column names
https://youtu.be/2W7DEiIEBgU&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip How to Handle NULL Values  While Ordering Query  Results in JPQL
https://youtu.be/HK_CeCo6Sw4&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip How to implement a subquery in a CriteriaQuery
https://youtu.be/fdF_vx6fm4g&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip How to Increase the Version of the Parent Entity When Updating a Child Entity
https://youtu.be/CrEFGPyayOI&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip How to map the latest element of an association
https://youtu.be/3dCrlEGNnLs&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip How to model associations with non primary key columns
https://youtu.be/HZyTpA_56xc&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip How to use @ElementCollection entries in a query
https://youtu.be/ZIUNfJAhDv4&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip How to use an ORDER BY clause in a CriteriaQuery
https://youtu.be/xwbVKLxJno4&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip Map 1 Entity Attribute to  2 Columns
https://youtu.be/0uN3UyhssMQ&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip Map an Unidirectional One-to-Many Association Without a Junction Table
https://youtu.be/E8aWycVPebU&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip Permanently remove records when using soft delete
https://youtu.be/hWGHr-ClkRs&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip The Fastest Option to Remove a List of Entities
https://youtu.be/vi1e2B-QYbo&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip What's the Difference Between JOIN, LEFT JOIN and JOIN FETCH
https://youtu.be/7ZW8mEwggD0&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

Hibernate Tip Whatâ€™s the best way to persist a ZonedDateTime
https://youtu.be/QkCdlpBYCxY&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP

JPA Tip How to map entity attributes of type java.time.Duration
https://youtu.be/jpzm0m3t3dw&list=PL50BZOuKafAbXxVJiD9csunZfQOJ5X7hP
Videos 26-50