
Adriana Dorneles - What about recommendation engines
https://youtu.be/1F2wEi6fkAM&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Alisa Dammer - Python vs Rust for Simulation
https://youtu.be/kytvDxxedWY&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Cheuk Ho - Do we have a diversity problem in Python community
https://youtu.be/SzGIiUNHN2g&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Christian Barra - How software can feed the world ðŸŒ±
https://youtu.be/QOHBbv2n_hw&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Christoph Heer - Is it me, or the GIL
https://youtu.be/HtbLNgXmLrw&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

CristiÃ¡n Maureira-Fredes - Unleash the power of C++ in Python
https://youtu.be/02-IYuDQdTE&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Elizaveta Shashkova - Visual debugger for Jupyter Notebooks Myth or Reality
https://youtu.be/XHNSYfkKnOQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Emmanuelle Gouillart - Image processing with scikit-image and Dash
https://youtu.be/RYcLq_HwXSc&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

EuroPython - The largest Python conference in Europe
https://youtu.be/wVwcOq-SsiU&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

EuroPython 2019 -  Opening Session
https://youtu.be/avt77g27SbM&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Gael Varoquaux - Machine learning on non curated data
https://youtu.be/dw5u4nth6_M&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Katherine Kampf - Building a Powerful Pet Detector in Notebooks
https://youtu.be/YlIDlpspvVU&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Leonardo Rochael Almeida - From days to minutes, from minutes to milliseconds with SQLAlchemy
https://youtu.be/Sq1TDj8mIrs&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Lilian Nandi anonymous - Teaching Programming to the Next Generation
https://youtu.be/nxuVLBW-C1g&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Lynn Cherny - Getting Your Data Joie De Vivre Back!
https://youtu.be/uF2GhMAaQOQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Marc-Andre Lemburg - PyRun - Shipping the Python 3.7 runtime in just 4.8MB
https://youtu.be/JdorsyCim5U&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Mark Smith - Publish a (Perfect) Python Package on PyPI
https://youtu.be/-WDV0-OB4fE&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Martin Christen - Geospatial Analysis using Python and JupyterHub
https://youtu.be/2OD8loVvHXc&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Matthieu Amiguet  - Python for realtime audio processing in a live music context
https://youtu.be/IdsrZYZ0TI0&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Paolo Galeone - Dissecting tf.function to discover AutoGraph strengths and subtleties
https://youtu.be/k_vyCViObf8&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Samuel Colvin - Python's Parallel Programming Possibilities - 4 levels of concurrency
https://youtu.be/0RaotdCa_j0&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Sebastian Witowski - Wait, IPython can do that!
https://youtu.be/3i6db5zX3Rw&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Shailen Sobhee - Accelerate your Deep Learning Inferencing with the IntelÂ® DL Boost technology
https://youtu.be/3MSWONJMOK0&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Sven-Hendrik Haase - Become a command line wizard
https://youtu.be/dnzaIeUgH_4&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Teresa Ingram - Opt Out of Online Sexism â€“ Open Source Activism
https://youtu.be/Ov0scTjDVuQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW
Videos 1-25