
.Net Virtual Conference Day - 1  C# Corner
https://youtu.be/FpAFL0QD508&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-lJAgi3HraI3aYZpIhZDUDQ

.Net Virtual Conference Day - 2  C# Corner
https://youtu.be/UMPvHKqpUwI&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-lJAgi3HraI3aYZpIhZDUDQ

Angular Virtual Conference (First Half)  C# Corner
https://youtu.be/pb5jAOB2uVc&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-lJAgi3HraI3aYZpIhZDUDQ

Angular Virtual Conference (Second Half)  C# Corner
https://youtu.be/zHPD-7uLXKc&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-lJAgi3HraI3aYZpIhZDUDQ

Azure Virtual Conference Day -1  C# Corner
https://youtu.be/8gEMVV_FvhE&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-lJAgi3HraI3aYZpIhZDUDQ

C# Corner Azure Virtual Conference Day 2  C# Corner
https://youtu.be/vf49WIdfWQE&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-lJAgi3HraI3aYZpIhZDUDQ

Code Quality & Performance Virtual Conference 2021
https://youtu.be/flo1oCsGfGY&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-lJAgi3HraI3aYZpIhZDUDQ

Full Stack Virtual Conference  C# Corner
https://youtu.be/qhrP61mnqwg&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-lJAgi3HraI3aYZpIhZDUDQ

Global Startups Virtual Conference
https://youtu.be/qRefVbU7JPI&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-lJAgi3HraI3aYZpIhZDUDQ

IT Security Virtual Conference 2021 - C# Corner
https://youtu.be/79OQcPwpMvU&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-lJAgi3HraI3aYZpIhZDUDQ

Lightup Virtual Conference - Welcome and Keynote
https://youtu.be/-F_qPMLW3N4&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-lJAgi3HraI3aYZpIhZDUDQ

Power Platform Virtual Conference - Day 1 (March 9)
https://youtu.be/usqU6HkwLrc&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-lJAgi3HraI3aYZpIhZDUDQ

Power Platform Virtual Conference - Day 2 (March 10)
https://youtu.be/7Wfw7RrFWKs&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-lJAgi3HraI3aYZpIhZDUDQ

Power Platform Virtual Conference - Day 3 (March 11)
https://youtu.be/XzH0OxDcGj8&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-lJAgi3HraI3aYZpIhZDUDQ

Power Platform Virtual Conference - Day 4 (March 12)
https://youtu.be/HD4jLNs_syk&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-lJAgi3HraI3aYZpIhZDUDQ

Power Platform Virtual Conference - Day 5 (March 13)
https://youtu.be/OJMR5QBq4fc&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-lJAgi3HraI3aYZpIhZDUDQ

Public Speaking Virtual Conference
https://youtu.be/h3YySNz-rcA&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-lJAgi3HraI3aYZpIhZDUDQ

React Virtual Conference  C# Corner
https://youtu.be/vuUzg7UTXL4&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-lJAgi3HraI3aYZpIhZDUDQ

Software Architecture Virtual Conference
https://youtu.be/0m0Jvcp76sE&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-lJAgi3HraI3aYZpIhZDUDQ

SQL Server Virtual Conference - Day 1 (First Half)
https://youtu.be/iTBaGKugMWA&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-lJAgi3HraI3aYZpIhZDUDQ

SQL Server Virtual Conference - Day 1 (Second Half)
https://youtu.be/Ta9KJ2F_gxQ&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-lJAgi3HraI3aYZpIhZDUDQ

SQL Server Virtual Conference - Day 2 (First Half)
https://youtu.be/adh2l4BCLu8&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-lJAgi3HraI3aYZpIhZDUDQ

SQL Server Virtual Conference - Day 2 (Second Half)
https://youtu.be/Ca32eObgUQU&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-lJAgi3HraI3aYZpIhZDUDQ

Women Data Summit 2021  C# Corner
https://youtu.be/RdTM52kAn60&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-lJAgi3HraI3aYZpIhZDUDQ

Women in Tech Virtual Conference  C# Corner
https://youtu.be/NmFeP2LtPls&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-lJAgi3HraI3aYZpIhZDUDQ
Videos 26-50