
Aaron Jacobs  Introducing xrprof A New Way to Profile R  RStudio (2021)
https://youtu.be/vC9-QJ2mUWw&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQF8CQCkwpwfokL9XPdOiuI

Barret Schloerke  plumber + future Async Web APIs  RStudio
https://youtu.be/UDGeLpiMSj4&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQF8CQCkwpwfokL9XPdOiuI

Carson Sievert  Using tagQuery() from {htmltools} to modify HTML snippets in R  RStudio
https://youtu.be/jVh05izjHMI&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQF8CQCkwpwfokL9XPdOiuI

Colin Rundel  parsermd - parsing R Markdown for fun and profit  RStudio
https://youtu.be/J2JJMZR_HDk&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQF8CQCkwpwfokL9XPdOiuI

Edgar Ruiz  Programación con R  RStudio (2019)
https://youtu.be/EeLlIrqWwO4&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQF8CQCkwpwfokL9XPdOiuI

Garrick Aden-Buie  xaringan Playground Using xaringan to learn web development  RStudio
https://youtu.be/XtUYXMLBthM&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQF8CQCkwpwfokL9XPdOiuI

Hadley Wickham  testthat 3.0.0  RStudio (2020)
https://youtu.be/1ZrjWKcG1C4&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQF8CQCkwpwfokL9XPdOiuI

James Blair  Getting Started with {plumbertableau}  RStudio
https://youtu.be/7IZDfl-h1rI&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQF8CQCkwpwfokL9XPdOiuI

Jenny Bryan  Help me help you creating reproducible examples  RStudio (2018)
https://youtu.be/5gqksthQ0cM&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQF8CQCkwpwfokL9XPdOiuI

Jenny Bryan  Object of type ‘closure’ is not subsettable  RStudio (2020)
https://youtu.be/vgYS-F8opgE&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQF8CQCkwpwfokL9XPdOiuI

Lucy D'Agostino McGowan  Designing Randomized Studies using Shiny  RStudio
https://youtu.be/_-hY_YIrvzQ&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQF8CQCkwpwfokL9XPdOiuI

Neal Richardson  Bigger Data With Ease Using Apache Arrow  RStudio
https://youtu.be/zND-Wj2XPvc&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQF8CQCkwpwfokL9XPdOiuI

Nick Strayer  Part IV Styling a Shiny Wordle App with CSS  RStudio
https://youtu.be/4_tX4IUDJZ0&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQF8CQCkwpwfokL9XPdOiuI

Programming Games with Shiny  Dragon Realm  RStudio
https://youtu.be/sD39WAZo99A&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQF8CQCkwpwfokL9XPdOiuI

Rich Iannone  {gt} Intendo Game Data Project Walkthrough  RStudio
https://youtu.be/aPRVzk9pvno&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQF8CQCkwpwfokL9XPdOiuI

Tom Mock  A Gentle Introduction to Tidy Statistics in R  RStudio (2019)
https://youtu.be/wfMAaXWHGog&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQF8CQCkwpwfokL9XPdOiuI

Winston Chang  Making Shiny apps faster with caching  RStudio
https://youtu.be/diZ4Sdn7d0Q&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQF8CQCkwpwfokL9XPdOiuI

Winston Chang  Part I Build a Basic Wordle App with Shiny  RStudio
https://youtu.be/quvz4xLbW88&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQF8CQCkwpwfokL9XPdOiuI

Winston Chang  Part II Handling Duplicate Letters in a Shiny Wordle App  RStudio
https://youtu.be/01VOq_GMEAA&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQF8CQCkwpwfokL9XPdOiuI

Winston Chang  Part III Adding a Keyboard to a Wordle Shiny App  RStudio
https://youtu.be/v3jHh-IKXLc&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQF8CQCkwpwfokL9XPdOiuI

ZJ  Easy larger-than-RAM data manipulation with {disk.frame}  RStudio
https://youtu.be/EOjObl_GSi4&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQF8CQCkwpwfokL9XPdOiuI
Programming