
Connecting Power BI Report Pages with Drill Through Configuration option
https://youtu.be/oQhcJrtknSM&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Creating Hierarchies in Power BI
https://youtu.be/jzr__qqEqJI&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Customizing Power BI Totals and Subtotals
https://youtu.be/yBfC5HgMm9w&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

How include or exclude a part of visualization in power bi
https://youtu.be/WKoCbpoVHD8&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

How to Change the Aggregation in Power BI as well as Use one field multiple times
https://youtu.be/CgR5NaPZs2E&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

How to Create and Interpret Power BI Histogram
https://youtu.be/K0vNt_NI1j0&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

How to Create and Interpret Power BI Sunburst Chart
https://youtu.be/m8voZUVyy4Q&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

How to create bookmarks in power bi  Bookmark Example in Power BI  Power BI Bookmarks Tutorial
https://youtu.be/3C1U8yEhQDQ&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

How to create infographic in Power BI or image on bar chart
https://youtu.be/TwOEN-QSTJ4&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

How to Create Power BI Sankey Chart
https://youtu.be/T7lVEk9pWY8&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

How to create word cloud in power bi  Power BI Text Analytics
https://youtu.be/brkbbS4GSGw&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Improving Power BI Buttons Look and Feel to make them more interactive
https://youtu.be/45QHf8Znqbc&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI Advance Date Filtering Tutorial with Example
https://youtu.be/1bQSDAiRRyo&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI Animated Bar Race Chart Tutorial
https://youtu.be/NlPZ35bbhOc&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI Buttons to Jump on any Page within report
https://youtu.be/m_mLOSw-aKM&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI Clear All Filters  Slicers Bookmark Action with Button
https://youtu.be/SrHDiN67594&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI Decomposition Tree or Decision Tree Creation Tutorial and Walkthrough for interpretation
https://youtu.be/Ur5EgsUNd-o&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI Filter types Tutorial  Power BI Visual Filter vs Page Filter vs Page All filters
https://youtu.be/EOi659Vw_4k&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI Number or Numeric Field Formatting and Conditional Formatting Tutorial
https://youtu.be/DO5i90xss44&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI Q&A or Natural Language Processing NLP Visual Component Creation Tutorial
https://youtu.be/RK5VT_i1ZNg&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI QnA Button for Dynamic or Ad hoc queries
https://youtu.be/AGIPfWUwWNA&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI Relative Date Filter Tutorial
https://youtu.be/Tlv_on8T5VA&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI Selection Panel to Show or Hide the Visualization
https://youtu.be/mSvJQdHLOAw&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI Tutorial on Date Formatting and adding Formatted Date to Slicer
https://youtu.be/RE3OHeI9wRU&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Using Custom Image on Power BI Button  Applying Image on Power BI Button
https://youtu.be/JJ0NvVkuGcs&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma
Videos 51-75