
#223 Fun and Easy 2D Games with Python
https://youtu.be/1MWTtF50T0M&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

#224 12 Lessons from 100 Days of Web
https://youtu.be/uDvLddbxoAA&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

#226 Building Flask APIs for Data Scientists -  Talk Python to Me Podcast
https://youtu.be/tGHVhKb61ao&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

#228 Hunting Bugs and Tech Startups with Python  - Talk Python to Me Podcast
https://youtu.be/m9VDrmpjabM&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

#231 Advice for Freelancing with Python
https://youtu.be/zyZRyZRCovs&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

#232 Become a robot developer with Python
https://youtu.be/gUZwVFYsWtU&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

#234 Awesome Python Applications
https://youtu.be/jw7Ni8fXWvo&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

#235 Python in your Browser with Skulpt
https://youtu.be/8SPcKcCIGiE&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

#236 Scaling data science across Python and R
https://youtu.be/vZXhiCyclLs&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

#237 A gut feeling about Python
https://youtu.be/FvnO7l0UMOc&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

#238 Collaborative Data Science with Gigantum
https://youtu.be/lkPYDOuFAcg&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

#239 Bayesian Foundations
https://youtu.be/-6d5qh7ektQ&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

#240 A Guided Tour of the CPython Source Code
https://youtu.be/6fk2kYebTlc&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

#241 Opal Full Stack Health Care Apps
https://youtu.be/_wbK6R1lj_c&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

#242 Your Education Will Be Live Streamed
https://youtu.be/Y1VTFhZlRpo&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

#243 Python on Windows is OK, actually
https://youtu.be/E3VAKD8fpFk&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

#244 Top 10 Real Python Articles of 2019
https://youtu.be/8QxpPSLuGu0&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

#245 Python Packaging Landscape in 2020
https://youtu.be/LvBOLYBx_Cg&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

#246 Practices of the Python Pro
https://youtu.be/Bd6m_O00SjU&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

#247 Solo Maintainer of Open Source in Academia
https://youtu.be/m4rE2dygRY8&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

#248 Climate Change and Your Python Code
https://youtu.be/6hpdPrUK_FA&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

#249 Capture the Staff of Pythonic Knowledge in TwilioQuest
https://youtu.be/DllGuy3e_VM&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

#250 Capture over 400x C02 as trees with AI and Python
https://youtu.be/6DId7i5Ui-E&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Episode #1 EVE - RESTful APIs for humans
https://youtu.be/Oj1mJHq7o0U&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Teaching Python at Grok Learning and Classrooms
https://youtu.be/ojWRWmyyzgM&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_
Videos 1-25