
Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Advanced Kubernetes, How to Build Multi-Tenant Environment - Hüseyin BABAL
https://youtu.be/MMu3nNsJ2HQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Backend For Frontend The Missing Manual - Nikita Galkin
https://youtu.be/8EWmCp7kTcs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Complex application design with microservices, web UI and mobile apps.
https://youtu.be/TTXJoIghs_Y&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Design principles for the effective developer - Sebastian Daschner
https://youtu.be/EU0M-ZWNlIA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Designers & Developers Finding common ground for effective collaboration
https://youtu.be/gmUobpCjV20&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Efficient Web Efficient Web Apps with Spring Boot 2 - Stéphane Nicoll
https://youtu.be/-KME2Xjb4ns&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Elastic JVM Automatic Vertical Scaling of the Java Heap - Ruslan Synytsky
https://youtu.be/LzhDBNGfzTw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Fear and Loathing in Scala and Kotlin interop - Marharyta Nedzelska
https://youtu.be/KayrJowrgVY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Feature Evolution in Java 13 and Beyond - Cay Horstmann
https://youtu.be/2JCMS-WiheA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Functional Programming Fundamentals Workshop - Ronen Cohen, Sharone Zitzman
https://youtu.be/F4TUYdjfvsc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 How easily jump into serverless Migration from monolith to AWS Lambda
https://youtu.be/_eswAGmSt0Y&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Jakarta EE Past, Present and Future - Ivar Grimstad, Sebastian Daschner
https://youtu.be/Jy3GT-6Y0ak&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Java. Migrating to 11 in real app - Piotr Przybył
https://youtu.be/ms-AmOKuYec&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Kubernetes Tutorial - Back to Basics - Burr Sutter
https://youtu.be/e7AzdIL3NGI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Reactangular Vue with TypeScript - Yakov Fain
https://youtu.be/ieg1Fi_Q2So&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Revisiting Effective Java in 2019 - Edson Yanaga
https://youtu.be/lmxMYPOwRZE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Ride the database in JUnit tests with Database Rider - Mikalai Alimenkou
https://youtu.be/1eRDIAqUBVU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 The Evolution From Monolith to Microservices to Serverless and Beyond
https://youtu.be/ZcXJYjK7HTo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 The Sea of Nodes and the HotSpot JIT - Cliff Click
https://youtu.be/98lt45Aj8mo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 The Spring BOF - Oleh Dokuka, Stéphane Nicoll
https://youtu.be/s80XEiXojzE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Why do you NEED that Estimate - James Birnie
https://youtu.be/Vh0Yr8B4WDM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 Working with and Contributing back to Open Source Projects - Philipp Krenn
https://youtu.be/5Hcj9MmawMo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 World Wild Web Digital bank heists - Giuseppe Polito, Aurel George Proorocu
https://youtu.be/LhmchEzIjkc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Devoxx Ukraine 2019 YAML Considered Harmful - Philipp Krenn
https://youtu.be/8ew_ux6aEvo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg

Pain and gain Pain and gain of introducing Kafka in Microservices architecture at eBay
https://youtu.be/ohKpdB6Zdps&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkdFRU0b1gaMaz2szb--mg
Videos 1-25