
Adam Bien - Serverless HTML5 Apps With Angular 2, React, Polymer and Java EE Microservices
https://youtu.be/LNtaiZJD2I0&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Async Communication Between WARs with WebSockets
https://youtu.be/al8hxPou9z0&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Configuring Thread Pools in Java EE 7 with Porcupine
https://youtu.be/4M1EJntwjk8&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Custom Managed Thread Pools and Java EE 7
https://youtu.be/20KVZ0ZnCl4&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

GlassFish Management and Monitoring
https://youtu.be/s5RsjbgZrkA&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Going Asynchronous With CompletableFuture and Java EE 7
https://youtu.be/KUISpHbWib0&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

HTTP Load Balancing With Docker and nginx
https://youtu.be/CS6bzlwdhqU&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Implementing Health Checks With Docker
https://youtu.be/_CVewEfVQAo&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Java EE Application Monitoring with LightFish
https://youtu.be/-D7VOyNE-R8&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Java EE Microservices Communication
https://youtu.be/QO2321eMNYE&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Java EE Monitoring With firehose and prometheus.io
https://youtu.be/_FW5472xTmQ&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Java EE, Thin WARs And The Docker Image Size
https://youtu.be/hoqJdH87e7g&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Load Balancing Java EE Microservices
https://youtu.be/3Lw9YO5oU0U&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Memory Footprint TomEE vs. Tomcat on Docker
https://youtu.be/8iY_K4vuDhM&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Microservices Simplify Exception Handling in JAX-RS and Java EE
https://youtu.be/yA1gKg-FvJM&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Monitoring Java EE Servers with Prometheus and Payara
https://youtu.be/Pww-8WxsXJA&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Payara Micro And Docker
https://youtu.be/8Da5jOMaNtk&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Pushing Java EE Thin WARs To The Clouds
https://youtu.be/0AJyZ9i915k&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Running A Stock Java EE Application On Docker
https://youtu.be/P6Bk3Eiz3kE&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Staging External Resources With Dockerized Java EE Applications
https://youtu.be/OZI9a9H9tgc&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

The Memory Usage of Java EE 7 Application Servers Running On Docker
https://youtu.be/i-r9bU3y3Y0&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

The Overhead Of Java EE Application Servers
https://youtu.be/OSERh3l1vK8&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

Thin WARs, Java EE 7, Docker and Productivity
https://youtu.be/5N4EUDhrkec&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B

ThreadPool overloading and Java EE 7
https://youtu.be/HToJuV28pPI&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-vBHwo_50Uj0JLiGtyWT9B
Videos 1-25