
60 Minuten Hacking mit Java EE, Jakarta EE und MicroProfile #slideless  Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/E-yP_RhEE6k&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Adam Bien discussing Jakarta EE and more at CodeOne 2018
https://youtu.be/Flh_gVBR6iM&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Adam Bien im Interview auf der JAX 2019
https://youtu.be/1uB43MypQpg&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Are Jakarta EE Servers Dead  Jakarta Tech Talk
https://youtu.be/j0mGCmJKHEg&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Code Shrinking Techniques with Jakarta EE and MicroProfile #slideless - Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/FKYetddHz1E&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

CyberJUG-HHWhy is everybody talking about Quarkus #slideless
https://youtu.be/nXXPOS8gjtA&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

From Jakarta EE over MicroProfile to Serverless Interactive Onstage Hacking
https://youtu.be/eBcpvmLjpZM&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

How to Structure Jakarta EE Applications for Productivity Without Bloat
https://youtu.be/DzaDhAx12gc&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Interview Adam Bien auf der OneDayTalk.org zu aktuellen Java-Enterprise Themen
https://youtu.be/lHSVAO2nDuA&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

J-Spring 2019 Adam Bien - Kickass Apps with Boring Tech Interactive Hacking #Slideless
https://youtu.be/QecB0nlRcQo&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Jakarta EE  MicroProfile  WebStandards, On Stage Hacking noslides by Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/_a8FVESHjlQ&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Jakarta EE 8 + Microprofile 3.0 Live Coding - With Even Less Ceremony #slideless
https://youtu.be/qWdoLnaQ8vY&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Jakarta EE vs.  or  and MicroProfile A Developer's Perspective  Jakarta Tech Talk
https://youtu.be/rX_5PKufODs&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Java Devs--Now Is Your (Web) Time #slideless
https://youtu.be/MaRDaLYM_cU&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

JAX-RS API documentation Reasonable practice  DevNation Day 2020
https://youtu.be/CPu2Oscf0ng&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

JDD Conf Kickass Java Backends #slideless
https://youtu.be/OlHXnf-eKqU&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Live Coding Jakarta EE + MicroProfile  JakartaOne Livestream
https://youtu.be/5yKjvPeUHQg&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Live-Coding Web Apps (PWAs)â€”Without Frameworks #usetheplatform #nomigrations
https://youtu.be/SUpnzspMFkI&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Modern Web - Like Java EE #slideless #usetheplatform
https://youtu.be/5wPg3jY62jo&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Quarkus Hackathon Live Judging and Winner Announcement
https://youtu.be/j24uuhA3Wc8&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Team Rockstars IT presents Adam Bien - setting up microservices
https://youtu.be/T9v6fKy3WxM&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

The Lightweight Stuff #slideless
https://youtu.be/dNpUF1OZQGM&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Tipps, Tricks und Workarounds mit Jakarta EEMicroProfile #slideless  Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/8ce1o54UdhY&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Web-Apps ohne Frameworks #slideless #nomigrations  Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/4At08st9wlQ&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_
Videos 26-50