
Talk Building GraphQL APIs with Ariadne  a schema first approach - Rashmi K A
https://youtu.be/LKrgyiqd1Ko&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk Building Polyglot Python applications using MetaCall Core - Harsh Bardhan Mishra
https://youtu.be/AfDoM0dvG7Q&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk Delivering successful API integrations with documentation driven development-Jose Haro Peralta
https://youtu.be/IOVsWPQf86c&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk Financial Data Forecaster Time Series Forecasting on Stock Prices and Index - Anshika Rajiv
https://youtu.be/72g4V6Ucnlc&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk Fine Grained Image Classification with Bilinear-CNN's - Rajesh Bhat
https://youtu.be/s437TvBuziM&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk Hey Python Web Community What's going on - Vibhu Agarwal
https://youtu.be/hOg0HsSDbGs&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk How to ace problem solving â€“ perspective of a non CS engineer - Anushi Maheshwari
https://youtu.be/F6exi5Hr9Ho&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk Insights Generation  Art to Science - Rajneet Kaur
https://youtu.be/kMjCQAkDotE&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk Is Python Worth Learning for Beginners - Shawn Ray
https://youtu.be/zDjEOobNHnU&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk Mon School - The Joy of Programming - Anand Chitipothu
https://youtu.be/dWnU2kXjc1E&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk Neurodiversity Demystified - Joel S Godi
https://youtu.be/kyg_mMzhUAI&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk No Code Platform powered by Python & Django - Bhagvan Kommadi
https://youtu.be/AsWuJPUb4kY&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk Path to Pythonic - Tushar Sadhwani
https://youtu.be/uPny_ltWeFw&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk PhD and the many possibilities ahead - Ananya Mandal
https://youtu.be/__N3lDUS_WM&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk Pointers In My Python It's More Likely Than You Think - Eli Holderness
https://youtu.be/S0jcxqCVDvI&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk Python and the Inversion of Control - David Seddon
https://youtu.be/uePa1qGom_g&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk Reducing technical debt for ML platforms - Prakshi Yadav
https://youtu.be/OGS8XGXPTYs&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk The File-Server - Vipin Kumar
https://youtu.be/7jo6Jz3BsP8&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk The Pit of Success for Object level Permissions in Django  - Madelaine Boyd
https://youtu.be/BZ7a1ybjfBM&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk Type Check your Django app - Kracekumar Ramaraju
https://youtu.be/c_U2Yl8-B4Y&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk Visualisation & Underlined Psychology - Sayantika Banik
https://youtu.be/uoqyZMt94xU&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk Who Begat Python Knowing your Interpreter - Divya Goswami
https://youtu.be/Xl6kj0rgU0Y&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk Women in tech careers taking that extra leap - Manaswini Das
https://youtu.be/dK-39U89Lsk&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk Writing Better Documentation for Developers - Meredydd Luff
https://youtu.be/xdPp1aegi7g&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW

Talk Writing your own Kubernetes operator and CRD in Python - Yashvardhan Kukreja
https://youtu.be/JwLP2RJA8d4&list=PL6GW05BfqWIcKgvP3KsQKYsDm8tLJapVW
Videos 1-25