
A Look into Routes and Routing in Ruby on Rails
https://youtu.be/q6C1vCIez_s

Button Loading Animations in Rails with jQuery UJS
https://youtu.be/FYeFw0mejjg

Debugging Rails with the Better Errors gem
https://youtu.be/9-IaaUZZkRc

Designing a Forum Architecture in Rails
https://youtu.be/peNrpuO87R8

Environment Variables with Ruby on Rails
https://youtu.be/O-aDLsuNTRY

File Uploading in Rails with Carrierwave
https://youtu.be/Q8wF9RrJhrY

Form Nested Attributes and Fields For in Rails
https://youtu.be/PYYwjTlcoa4

Forum Notification Emails and Previews
https://youtu.be/hgIc3AJgaqw

Forum Time Zones with Local Time
https://youtu.be/Mvsd4I-1zaY

My Ruby on Rails Development Environment
https://youtu.be/_UZhNViJg0w

Named Scopes in Rails with ActiveRecord Merge
https://youtu.be/5Vycty6-m2A

Pagination in Rails with the will_paginate gem
https://youtu.be/xWCWOC5MG7s

Pretty URLs in Rails with the friendly_id gem
https://youtu.be/HAutG7HcIJg

Rails 4.2 Introduction
https://youtu.be/Ny3YVT7PAqA

Refactoring Controller Methods in Rails
https://youtu.be/dq3GwfZZSsU

Ruby on Rails Application Structure Explained
https://youtu.be/QOtWb4Y-xxE

Ruby Version Managers
https://youtu.be/HV9ykaE4oOg

Sending Data Between Rails Controllers and Views
https://youtu.be/mRJSovhdzWc

Sending Emails in Rails with Mandrill
https://youtu.be/LcO5BuyFFAk

Styling Rails with Bootstrap SASS
https://youtu.be/r8XSdEpcjtA

The Rails Params Hash Explained
https://youtu.be/y57OnWV6dRE

Twitter Sign In with Rails and OmniAuth
https://youtu.be/vFiblY5KUZE

Understanding Semantic Versioning
https://youtu.be/K2niwXiXZTo

User Authentication in Rails with Devise
https://youtu.be/ef11ToOE4N0
Videos 451-474