
[53] Unity 5.3 Conversion - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/mUEOfnPC8cw

[54] Player Inventory - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/vvIEUQnNPi4

[55] Intro To Chapter 4 - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/__3arr-rHWQ

[56] Item Master - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/dsn4nnXS-rE

[57] Item Throw - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/jzpaQK9zzaM

[58] Item Pickup - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/Fc-xqDRjKl8

[59] Item Tag - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/aaUmaf40_ww

[60] Item Name - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/COs3duOw3h8

[61] Item Rigidbodies - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/OV0bMtDSQuA

[62] Item Colliders - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/pAkvcWXMdy4

[63] Item Set Layer - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/dB7Qcmnbgvg

[64] Item Set Position - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/JHbIhgmvD0M

[65] Item Sounds - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/1O58n0Xp1cA

[66] Item Animator - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/Q5lmtocVrXY

[67] Item UI - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/zcnCP1rjIqM

[68] Item Ammo - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/fCqtrscXvyo

[69] Intro To Chapter 5 - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/Nv5hLLl6b_c

[70] Download Golem - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/gIjyCH0QA-k

[71] Setup Ragdoll - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/aBRXClymof4

[72] Enemy Controller - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/MRotkpZDZUc

[73] Enemy Master - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/s7-WqmD3gHk

[74] Enemy Animation - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/AcoYGGSPkWM

[75] Enemy Detection - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/CxEBUCB31Aw

[76] Enemy Nav Pursue - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/UJ-2WuTunkE

[77] Enemy Nav Destination Reached - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/Pa5w9kkTU8g
Videos 201-225