
Drifting Ruby Code Base  Gource
https://youtu.be/puDoWyfJwys&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #117 - Upgrading Ruby on Rails Versions  Preview
https://youtu.be/0i2MbeddVDc&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #118 - Ruby on Rails Tips and Tricks
https://youtu.be/j9bYzwqNHF0&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #119 - Introduction to GraphQL  Preview
https://youtu.be/AlxnemxUI5E&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #122 - More on GraphQL - Organizing and Refactoring  Preview
https://youtu.be/BO8qkkJInzc&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #123 - Encrypted Credentials in Rails 5.2
https://youtu.be/ypzj0tjU4Ho&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #124 SimpleMDE and ActiveStorage  Preview
https://youtu.be/jl-s7tB9Jc4&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #125 - Turbolinks 5  Preview
https://youtu.be/4Ss55NoKp4M&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #126 - Turbolinks iOS Hybrid App  Preview
https://youtu.be/Qkbmv2drgwE&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #127 - ActiveRecord Tricks
https://youtu.be/1ZkwvPMiq4Q&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #128 - Blockchain in Ruby on Rails  Preview
https://youtu.be/Kr5xBlKPI6A&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #129 - Preparing for General Data Protection Regulation  Preview
https://youtu.be/z4xkiG7Z6YI&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #130 Debugging with Remote Pry  Preview
https://youtu.be/Li4wwKIpRhU&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #131 - Web Interactions with Mechanize  Preview
https://youtu.be/XCQGCSAseBA&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #132 - Ruby on Rails Development on Microsoft Windows 10
https://youtu.be/j3AQhqXCuAo&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #133 - Dynamic Select Fields  Preview
https://youtu.be/IvzODSXkST0&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #134 - Ruby Go Lang Extensions  Preview
https://youtu.be/S-zsQYvXBAA&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #135 - Using GitLab Runner for CICD  Preview
https://youtu.be/pk6u6TJ_yF8&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #136 - User Notifications
https://youtu.be/6HYi_VUuegM&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #137 - Multistep Form with Wicked  Preview
https://youtu.be/0xwrNIME03Y&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #138 - Rails API App - Authentication with JWT  Preview
https://youtu.be/H6ez8YvOAoc&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #139 - Search Encrypted Attributes with Blind Index  Preview
https://youtu.be/Kt_QznC8r9s&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #140 - Editors
https://youtu.be/c7FKlz3C5jI&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #141 - Observer Patterns  Preview
https://youtu.be/4hkl3BkGOZc&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #142 - Rails API Versioning  Preview
https://youtu.be/2LfE0Ie_sI4&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr
Videos 201-225