
Adopting PyTest - Darshan Ahluwalia - SF Python Meetup  - Feb  2018
https://youtu.be/sWp445cWDyA&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Aneesh Karve - Docker but for data Quilt is an open source Python project
https://youtu.be/Ud1quWeoq-0&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Christina Hedges - Lightkurve find planets with Python! - 4th Annual SF Python Holiday Party
https://youtu.be/vgzhb0N7pNA&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Christine Payne -Generating Music with a Neural Network - 4th Annual SF Python Holiday Party
https://youtu.be/gMHoLJ1NiSw&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Craig Rodrigues - Migrating Python.org to Buildbot 9 and Python 3 - SF Python Meetup
https://youtu.be/O6is7fPmgRA&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Deep Learning with PyTorch - Ramesh Sampath - SF Python Meetup  - Feb  2018
https://youtu.be/Uw4UQrHagSM&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Dennison Williams - Promoting Sex Worker Led Health Initiatives with Python
https://youtu.be/aQ0PIjEbO9U&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Geert Barentsen - How to discover a planet using 12 lines of Python code
https://youtu.be/3BfXx3SXiMw&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Grant Jenks - Give the Gift of Python - 4th Annual SF Python Holiday Party
https://youtu.be/BVI78g4V4so&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

How to recommend dog breeds using deep learning - Aaron Wiegel - SF Python Meetup  - Feb  2018
https://youtu.be/9vLGLQtJeQk&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

John Ellis - Bot Racing!
https://youtu.be/4_4L7D0c3HY&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Jonas Neubert - Zebras and Lasers
https://youtu.be/qyDS90j7FPs&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Kelley Robinson - 2FA, OTP, WTF
https://youtu.be/SfGcYIjKblg&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Linda Zhou - Making your own ML Workstation - 4th Annual SF Python Holiday Party
https://youtu.be/a5kwXHRFjgk&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Lizzie Siegle - Parse HTML for book quotes with BeautifulSoup - 4th Annual SF Python Holiday Party
https://youtu.be/VqUDA9z6OfY&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Or Weis - Debugging distributed Python applications - SF Python 4th Annual Holiday Party
https://youtu.be/Cz0RW09kO_Y&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Private video
https://youtu.be/lSnBvQjvqnA&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Raymond Hettinger - Learning From Games and Puzzles - 4th Annual SF Python Holiday Party
https://youtu.be/lOWeCyOvRGk&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Roy Williams - Python 3 at Lyft - SF Python Meetup  - January 2018
https://youtu.be/aetoXWRt24k&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Takes Two to Data Clean - Raul Maldonado - SF Python Meetup  - Feb  2018
https://youtu.be/OjT7mT5Ydw0&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Tim Grossmann - About going Open-Source - SF Python Meetup  - January 2018
https://youtu.be/yh5643Sbm6w&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Tyler Suard - How to Win Friends and Influence People  - 4th Annual SF Python Holiday Party
https://youtu.be/U2Pv10xpV9I&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Understanding AB test analysis by simulating data - Dennis O'Brien - SF Python Meetup  - Feb  2018
https://youtu.be/-9ZleB5Nl3k&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Yann Kaiser - Tonight we won't be talking about caching - SF Python Meetup  - January 2018
https://youtu.be/vhD9vOeMxTk&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i
Videos 76-100