
A MicroAutoBox Workflow
https://youtu.be/cQrQIPwrWak&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Basics of Code Generation
https://youtu.be/nh5fVNG2xjk&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Design Optimization What's Behind It
https://youtu.be/BoA0ZwWpFso&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Developing Algorithms for ADAS Systems with MATLAB and Simulink
https://youtu.be/pL8DGnUroDU&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

ECU Tuning and Data Logging Using CAN and Simulink
https://youtu.be/2UfdusKjAMs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Modeling of a Continuously Variable Transmission (CVT) BAJA All-Terrain Vehicle (ATV)
https://youtu.be/gOFweQcz0XI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Modeling to Understand and Improve Your Brake System
https://youtu.be/lgYrKtkDzC4&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Modeling Vehicle Dynamics
https://youtu.be/HeKqOI1RXqo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Processing CFD Simulation Data
https://youtu.be/vXOcnk4iQPc&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Programming ECUs Using Simulink
https://youtu.be/EK505A5AcrU&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Real-Time Simulation and Testing of a Throttle Valve Controller
https://youtu.be/cJkcnJKr7Mc&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Simulating Longitudinal and Lateral Vehicle Dynamics
https://youtu.be/WID-MBOIIt8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Simulink Tips and Tricks
https://youtu.be/gG_vsxPaTCQ&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Steady-State Lap Time Simulation
https://youtu.be/bZEjFkiK00s&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Student Teams Use MATLAB and Simulink in the Formula Student Germany Racing Competition
https://youtu.be/yazYioEK6sM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

TUfast Eco Team's Longitudinal Cruise Controller
https://youtu.be/rhSpNTrFOHE&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Vehicle Modeling Using Powertrain Blockset
https://youtu.be/ksKSI4V0A04&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Vehicle Modeling Using Simscape Multibody
https://youtu.be/VWLpZk9s5FA&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Vehicle Modeling Using Simscape
https://youtu.be/cFg9k5SVHGo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Vehicle Modeling Using Simulink
https://youtu.be/J-JOn5xaZbQ&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Vehicle Path Tracking Using Model Predictive Control  MATLAB and Simulink Racing Lounge
https://youtu.be/SzEg_C-XJ14&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Vehicle Path Tracking Using Pure Pursuit Controller
https://youtu.be/zMdoLO4kRKg&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Vehicle Path Tracking Using Stanley Controller
https://youtu.be/FHQFya0-JBs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Virtual Test Driving
https://youtu.be/5xMzTSqrmFI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0

Your Keys to Success - Our Views
https://youtu.be/wctFIys-STo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08p693oV_qfJOWh8yBdrCZV0
Videos 1-25