
A. Mikhalev, D. Dukhan - The Pattern Machine Learning Natural Language Processing meets VRAR
https://youtu.be/ZN2NS4_X1AE&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Abhilash Majumder - Introduction to Quantum Deep Learning
https://youtu.be/p5jOwsnGgwI&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Abigail Dogbe - Python in a world of Pan-Africanism
https://youtu.be/ps6XCS8O65s&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Abraham Coiman - Wildfire Modeling in Yosemite National Park
https://youtu.be/WZMmv85HKpg&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Alyona Galyeva - We build a ML pipeline after we deploy
https://youtu.be/eGrUUuqZIhM&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Carlos Villavicencio - Functional Programming inside OOP It’s possible with Python
https://youtu.be/43yNp4D2UKo&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Chin Hwee Ong - Designing Functional Data Pipelines for Reproducibility and Maintainability
https://youtu.be/UY2WFPeEVN0&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Claudia Comito - Connecting Communities the Helmholtz Analytics Framework and the making of Heat
https://youtu.be/Y9tH6TCzDLc&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

EuroPython 2021  - Lightning Talks 0728
https://youtu.be/qVH-2LAl_Ts&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Eyal Kazin - A Gentle Introduction To Causal Inference
https://youtu.be/NzcCDUs7OTc&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Griffith Rees - From Research Project to PyPI Release
https://youtu.be/ba4bkD2qjpQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Jose Haro Peralta - Documentation-driven development for Python web APIs
https://youtu.be/prGzBqUAXi4&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Kautilya Katariya - Computational Complexity Theoretical Foundation on How Long Will Program Run
https://youtu.be/Vv6-VJIaoiY&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Mar Bartolome - Hiring Demystified
https://youtu.be/mnzX3LhZ0VI&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Maria Jose Molina-Contreras, PhD - DIY Home Automation with Microcontrollers and CircuitPython
https://youtu.be/2Wzx2Hu35WQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

María Andrea Vignau - SQLite, an (un) known super ant
https://youtu.be/s7110IaMEOs&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Matthias Feurer, Katharina Eggensperger - Auto-Sklearn Automated Machine Learning in Python
https://youtu.be/ugN8U--oUaU&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Nabanita Roy - Leveraging Linked Data using Python and SPARQL
https://youtu.be/LgA_RVOAbCI&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Nicolò Giso - From telemetry data to CSVs with Python, Spark and Azure Databricks
https://youtu.be/kiwSAkAv6Ts&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Nithish Raghunandanan - Virtual Tourism In Covid Times
https://youtu.be/5DnWwEozKiY&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Oliver Cobb - Protecting Your Machine Learning Against Drift An Introduction
https://youtu.be/tL5sEaQha5o&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Ondrej Urban - Automated Machine Learning With Keras
https://youtu.be/9UlM6DmKIj8&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Paolo Melchiorre - Django with PostgreSQL superpowers
https://youtu.be/JWRpPbRItMw&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Rodrigo Girão Serrão - Pydon'ts
https://youtu.be/Vjq89-spPOk&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Tonya Sims - Faceoff Fun with Python Frameworks FastAPI vs Flask
https://youtu.be/Xoqv9NMO24Q&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq
Videos 26-50