
1. How to program in C# - BASICS - Beginner Tutorial
https://youtu.be/pSiIHe2uZ2w

10. How to make a 2D Platformer - MUZZLE FLASH - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/VoREM_uHP7Q

11. How to make a 2D Platformer - PLAYER HEALTH - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/eSLx1-iA9RM

12. How to make a 2D Platformer - RESPAWNING - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/WFO1GUKYARQ

13. How to make a 2D Platformer - RESPAWN EFFECT - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/Q2tCgkn6-gY

14. 2D Platformer - ENEMY AI 13 - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/4T7KHysRw84

15. Unity Tutorial, MAIN MENU - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/1z5aAK0rN-4

16. Unity Tutorial, MAIN MENU - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/JIlKuZffmwE

17. Unity Tutorial, CHECK POINTS - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/1H_E-GsoNe4

2. How to program in C# - Beginner Tutorial
https://youtu.be/nA2pSmBmvKg

3. How to program in C# - VARIABLES - Beginner Tutorial
https://youtu.be/udoMi4mGYYw

4. How to program in C# - IF STATEMENTS - Beginner Tutorial
https://youtu.be/OXTK7cnphYY

5. How to make a 2D Platformer - CHARACTER - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/m-J5sCRipA0

5. How to program in C# - SWITCH STATEMENTS - Beginner Tutorial
https://youtu.be/Qs-LAYkp9YU

6. How to make a 2D Platformer - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/tDIH8lu5BdQ

6. How to program in C# - FOR LOOPS - Beginner Tutorial
https://youtu.be/eIsGXwisKPE

7. How to make a 2D Platformer - ANIMATION - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/FRMy5B3dD_I

7. How to program in C# - WHILE LOOPS - Beginner Tutorial
https://youtu.be/SPE_HXHwJSU

8A. How to make a 2D Platformer - SHOOTING - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/KKgtC_Gy65c

8B. How to make a 2D Platformer - SHOOTING - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/4ivFemmpYus

9. How to make a 2D Platformer - BULLET TRAIL - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/1KdS0QzyhCg

Content Scrolling - Unity 4.6 Tutorial
https://youtu.be/MWOvwegLDl0

Slider Events - Change things with sliders - Unity 4.6 Tutorial
https://youtu.be/HQ8Tttcksu4

UI Events - Make buttons do something - Unity 4.6 Tutorial
https://youtu.be/kQ2Qc_0MIyI

UI Introduction - Simple Menu - Unity 4.6 Tutorial
https://youtu.be/rsZM3q74Q2k
Videos 351-375