
Angular Applied by Yakov Fain
https://youtu.be/owZVKNg6cG4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Angular vs React Smackdown by Matt Raible, Deepu K Sasidharan
https://youtu.be/qYEEuiI4l10&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Bean Validation 2.0 - you’ve put your annotations everywhere! by Gunnar Morling
https://youtu.be/GdKuxmtA65I&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Building a self driving RC car by Bert Jan Schrijver and Tim van Eijndhoven
https://youtu.be/OL0vg1WmI6I&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Building React applications with JHipster by Sendil Kumar N and Deepu K Sasidharan
https://youtu.be/cN2yyD6JYvc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Code your logic, not your infrastructure by Niall Deehan
https://youtu.be/nJOrMOXv5_M&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Collectors in the wild! by José Paumard
https://youtu.be/yddwA3458eo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Cyclomatic Complexity for Developers by Jeroen Resoort
https://youtu.be/JwTQywqpZ5Y&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Data Stream Processing   Concepts and Implementations by Matthias Niehoff
https://youtu.be/5inVCagXc2A&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Design Patterns with Kotlin by Murat Yener
https://youtu.be/stVBm3A5uDc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Easily secure and add Identity Management to your Spring Boot applications by Sebastien Blanc
https://youtu.be/3I4TXPxCCVE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Getting Started with Ethereum Solidity Development by Sebastien Arbogast and Said Eloudrhiri
https://youtu.be/7LCHlkdibWg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

How to build an event driven, dynamically re configurable micro services platform by Sven Beauprez
https://youtu.be/1D8hyLWMtfM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Java Language Futures - All Aboard Project Amber by Brian Goetz
https://youtu.be/qul2B8iPC-o&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Kotlin DSLs in 42 minutes by Eugene Petrenko
https://youtu.be/gPH9XnvpoXE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Making Blockchain Real with Hyperledger Fabric v1 by Eric Cattoir
https://youtu.be/406Rds0fwhA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Moving Java Forward Faster by Mark Reinhold & Brian Goetz
https://youtu.be/x7pkWlost64&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Offline first applications, syncing with PouchDB & CouchDB by François Gengler
https://youtu.be/0LzORC0U6uQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Shenandoah The Garbage Collector That Could by Aleksey Shipilev
https://youtu.be/VCeHkcwfF9Q&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Slice & Dice your Monolith with Domain Driven Design by Edson Yanaga
https://youtu.be/TYgHtZhS1jI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Spring Boot 2 0 Web Applications by Stéphane Nicoll, Brian Clozel
https://youtu.be/Q-9bUsrLVpI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Tensorflow, deep learning and modern convolutional neural nets, without a PhD by Martin Görner
https://youtu.be/vaL1I2BD_xY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

The Rise of the Weaponized AI Propaganda Machine by Berit Anderson
https://youtu.be/PazlKN_FuWQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Zen Habits of using IntelliJ IDEA by Victor Kropp
https://youtu.be/MZge92bbU7E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Zero to App   Live coding an Android app on Firebase in Kotlin by Jen Tong
https://youtu.be/TM3lbcW4Y9k&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo
Videos 26-50