
1 year of PaaS usage at SBB lessons learned by Philipp H. Oser and Tobias Denzler
https://youtu.be/1EhG2ulzp5M&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp2CcMjJqCAzz810iPcOw4t

A practical introduction to category theory by Daniela Sfregola
https://youtu.be/DsACb1HCcEA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp2CcMjJqCAzz810iPcOw4t

Billing the cloud Real world stream processing by Pierre-Yves Ritschard and Marc-Aurèle Brothier
https://youtu.be/7vLBZU1s4nU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp2CcMjJqCAzz810iPcOw4t

Does diversity really matter by Sombra González and Brigitte Hulliger
https://youtu.be/dNl7XNL9oQI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp2CcMjJqCAzz810iPcOw4t

Engineering You - Keynote by Martin Thompson
https://youtu.be/cJDcPeQG7Bw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp2CcMjJqCAzz810iPcOw4t

Event-driven task automation of Java and Spark jobs with Mesos by Florian Froese
https://youtu.be/RA5YjfiCyzw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp2CcMjJqCAzz810iPcOw4t

ExtendJ An Extensible Java Compiler by Jesper Öqvist
https://youtu.be/jP76MF59mgo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp2CcMjJqCAzz810iPcOw4t

Extracting knowledge from cryptocurrencies by Michele Spagnuolo
https://youtu.be/irrHP6yF9_I&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp2CcMjJqCAzz810iPcOw4t

g ∘ f patterns by Mario Fusco
https://youtu.be/zmU_ULBzZTQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp2CcMjJqCAzz810iPcOw4t

High performance in Android by Enrique López Mañas
https://youtu.be/Punm3E2TrBE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp2CcMjJqCAzz810iPcOw4t

How Modern SQL Databases Come up with Algorithms that You Would Have Never Dreamed Of by Lukas Eder
https://youtu.be/wTPGW1PNy_Y&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp2CcMjJqCAzz810iPcOw4t

How to defend from an attacker armed with a mathematician by Antonio Sanso
https://youtu.be/Ho_COj92GYI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp2CcMjJqCAzz810iPcOw4t

I just hacked your app! by Marcos Placona
https://youtu.be/BbeZmZ7_YE0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp2CcMjJqCAzz810iPcOw4t

Java 9 Is Coming!  by Nicolai Parlog
https://youtu.be/vOdFuvIyN0E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp2CcMjJqCAzz810iPcOw4t

Java EE 8 - What's coming by David Delabassee
https://youtu.be/yW1E42HQIw4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp2CcMjJqCAzz810iPcOw4t

Javaslang - Functional Java Done Right by Grzegorz Piwowarek
https://youtu.be/NxbatgLY3V4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp2CcMjJqCAzz810iPcOw4t

Loading Modules Everywhere! by Gion Kunz
https://youtu.be/m8j8VzPTmKM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp2CcMjJqCAzz810iPcOw4t

Monitoring Microservices applications on OpenShift by Thomas Heute
https://youtu.be/GRneSKI_xUg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp2CcMjJqCAzz810iPcOw4t

Real-World Enterprise REST API Design by Laurent Bovet
https://youtu.be/QQKoO_F_JpY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp2CcMjJqCAzz810iPcOw4t

Spring Framework 5 Themes & Trends by Juergen Hoeller
https://youtu.be/pukAOfnouPc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp2CcMjJqCAzz810iPcOw4t

Streaming all the things with Akka Streams by Johan Andrén
https://youtu.be/jTUkmvPMlUE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp2CcMjJqCAzz810iPcOw4t

The many shapes of Polymorphism by Luca Molteni
https://youtu.be/7PfNo-FMIf0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp2CcMjJqCAzz810iPcOw4t

The truth about code reviews by Sebastian Greulach
https://youtu.be/35iBUEIYHU8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp2CcMjJqCAzz810iPcOw4t

Using Java 8 Lambdas and Stampedlock to manage thread safety by Heinz M. Kabutz
https://youtu.be/c3_j5cPcRAI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp2CcMjJqCAzz810iPcOw4t

What about CSS Progressive Enhancement and CSS by Ire Aderinokun
https://youtu.be/xStk7gSr8Ek&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp2CcMjJqCAzz810iPcOw4t
Videos 1-25