
Golang UK Conference 2017  Aditya Mukerjee - করো Translating Go to Other (Human) Languages
https://youtu.be/EiOKQ5PpoaY&list=PLDWZ5uzn69eyM81omhIZLzvRhTOXvpeX9

Golang UK Conference 2017  Arne Claus - Concurrency Patterns in Go
https://youtu.be/rDRa23k70CU&list=PLDWZ5uzn69eyM81omhIZLzvRhTOXvpeX9

Golang UK Conference 2017  Ashley McNamara & Mat Ryer - How we built and launched Gopherize.me
https://youtu.be/TuLGK9oskqM&list=PLDWZ5uzn69eyM81omhIZLzvRhTOXvpeX9

Golang UK Conference 2017  Audrey Lim - Making My First Go Contribution
https://youtu.be/UT4ks8k2My8&list=PLDWZ5uzn69eyM81omhIZLzvRhTOXvpeX9

Golang UK Conference 2017  Brian Ketelsen - Bringing Go to the Enterprise
https://youtu.be/mxlJqrVSalY&list=PLDWZ5uzn69eyM81omhIZLzvRhTOXvpeX9

Golang UK Conference 2017  Diwaker Gupta - How to build an SDK in Go
https://youtu.be/Fc1zZm3mCXo&list=PLDWZ5uzn69eyM81omhIZLzvRhTOXvpeX9

Golang UK Conference 2017  Filippo Valsorda - Fighting latency the CPU profiler is not your ally
https://youtu.be/Lxt8Vqn4JiQ&list=PLDWZ5uzn69eyM81omhIZLzvRhTOXvpeX9

Golang UK Conference 2017  Guido Patanella - Go routines optimization
https://youtu.be/yo-CkroaQhs&list=PLDWZ5uzn69eyM81omhIZLzvRhTOXvpeX9

Golang UK Conference 2017  Ian Kent - Production-ready Go
https://youtu.be/YF1qSfkDGAQ&list=PLDWZ5uzn69eyM81omhIZLzvRhTOXvpeX9

Golang UK Conference 2017  Irina Bednova - Ruby to Go - What to expect when you switch
https://youtu.be/Z2sq1Fwadh4&list=PLDWZ5uzn69eyM81omhIZLzvRhTOXvpeX9

Golang UK Conference 2017  Jack Lindamood - How to correctly use package context
https://youtu.be/-_B5uQ4UGi0&list=PLDWZ5uzn69eyM81omhIZLzvRhTOXvpeX9

Golang UK Conference 2017  Konrad Reiche - It doesn't have to be REST Websockets in Go
https://youtu.be/b6hM0RFNnHw&list=PLDWZ5uzn69eyM81omhIZLzvRhTOXvpeX9

Golang UK Conference 2017  Liz Rice - The Beginner's Guide to Linux Syscalls
https://youtu.be/BdfNrs_oeko&list=PLDWZ5uzn69eyM81omhIZLzvRhTOXvpeX9

Golang UK Conference 2017  Mark Bates - Buffalo Rapid Web Development in Go
https://youtu.be/75NjCfLLftw&list=PLDWZ5uzn69eyM81omhIZLzvRhTOXvpeX9

Golang UK Conference 2017  Mark Ryan - Command Line Scripting with Templates
https://youtu.be/UMbicEbSIjc&list=PLDWZ5uzn69eyM81omhIZLzvRhTOXvpeX9

Golang UK Conference 2017  Mat Ryer - Writing Beautiful Packages in Go
https://youtu.be/cAWlv2SeQus&list=PLDWZ5uzn69eyM81omhIZLzvRhTOXvpeX9

Golang UK Conference 2017  Myles McDonnell - Building a RESTful API using go-swagger
https://youtu.be/nZtukrvSOT4&list=PLDWZ5uzn69eyM81omhIZLzvRhTOXvpeX9

Golang UK Conference 2017  Nicholas Jackson - Betting on Go
https://youtu.be/4MfvoX4aImA&list=PLDWZ5uzn69eyM81omhIZLzvRhTOXvpeX9

Golang UK Conference 2017  Nicholas Ng - Understanding concurrency with behavioural types
https://youtu.be/SzgRMrrbTnM&list=PLDWZ5uzn69eyM81omhIZLzvRhTOXvpeX9

Golang UK Conference 2017  Paul Bellamy - Building Go with Bazel
https://youtu.be/2TKxuERTnks&list=PLDWZ5uzn69eyM81omhIZLzvRhTOXvpeX9

Golang UK Conference 2017  Paul Jolly - Creating interactive frontend apps with GopherJS and React
https://youtu.be/emoUiK-GHkE&list=PLDWZ5uzn69eyM81omhIZLzvRhTOXvpeX9

Golang UK Conference 2017  Steve Francia - State of the Gopher Nation
https://youtu.be/5UG57xQL_RE&list=PLDWZ5uzn69eyM81omhIZLzvRhTOXvpeX9

Golang UK Conference 2017  Takuya Ueda - Static Analysis in Go
https://youtu.be/mLVxAU_xpEA&list=PLDWZ5uzn69eyM81omhIZLzvRhTOXvpeX9

Golang UK Conference 2017  Vlad Galu - Going on the Road Less Bumpy
https://youtu.be/Wl3fEXMxogw&list=PLDWZ5uzn69eyM81omhIZLzvRhTOXvpeX9

Golang UK Conference 2017  Will Sewell & Jim Fisher - Golang's Realtime GC in Theory and Practice
https://youtu.be/bMujSVMarqY&list=PLDWZ5uzn69eyM81omhIZLzvRhTOXvpeX9
Videos 1-25