
Adding Dynamic Reference Line on Power BI chart for Min Max Average Median and Percentile
https://youtu.be/CAZT-0ralEM&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Adding KPI Icons in Power BI Table and Conditionally Formatting it
https://youtu.be/IIALsGidmRc&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Adding Reference Line to Your Power BI Bar Chart
https://youtu.be/zNUTHXtEg0Q&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Conditionally Format Power BI Table Font or Background
https://youtu.be/2r0rykGLAaw&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Conditionally Formatting Power BI Card KPI
https://youtu.be/aAARRysstAw&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

How to Change and Customize Power BI Theme
https://youtu.be/BEu0eIHk-AY&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

How to Change Power BI Chart Interaction Setting from Highlight to Filter or None
https://youtu.be/PimO76370-Y&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

How to create Small multiple Chart or Trellis Chart in Power BI and why they are Great
https://youtu.be/8A6CfMkhc1E&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

How to Create Trend Line in Power BI Scatter Chart
https://youtu.be/Wc10X6O-UBk&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

How to Display Image in Power BI chart background
https://youtu.be/sZytuU3ZoVE&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI Advance Data Export to export additional column that is not in visualization
https://youtu.be/LG5EyAwOYMs&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI Bar Chart within Table Visualization
https://youtu.be/ZuNaYDryAs0&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI Drill Through Report Button
https://youtu.be/P_gWDy7Kamc&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI Dynamic Report Title based on Selected Drill Through Value
https://youtu.be/92o380bqh1s&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI Hidden Slicers and How to View them
https://youtu.be/fjBUDfXLje0&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI Keep on Filter Option Use that is Present on Field Section Page
https://youtu.be/TzhmX-JX14E&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI Quick Measure for Comparing one chart category with rest of the other chart categories
https://youtu.be/0SrFKkh7eS4&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI Quick Mesaure to Create Running Total Calculation
https://youtu.be/NHZJ3u4jsMA&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI Stepped Line Chart
https://youtu.be/9a_wxpWcf84&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI Sync Slicer Option for create Slicer in Multiple Reports & Hide them
https://youtu.be/_rwb-u3r-nU&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI TopN Filter to Display the Top or Bottom Values in the Chart
https://youtu.be/7jYnRoh86_Y&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI YoY Quick Mesaure Calculation Proudcuing incorrect output
https://youtu.be/znDaUYqwn08&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Setting Power BI Charts and Objects Navigation Order for Tab Key
https://youtu.be/5QoHICWWhaw&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Shortcuts Key in Power BI to improve productivity
https://youtu.be/UIW9rBVLpGg&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Why All Values on my X Axis of Power BI Chart is not Displayed
https://youtu.be/7xhBYCepbfg&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma
Videos 101-125