
API call and SFTP file transfer  How to automate  a secure file transfer
https://youtu.be/8d8ZCMYtUEY&list=PL3JprvrxlW269zr8SVzBIl955kbWBl4ZJ

Automating email metrics with Excel and AutoHotkey
https://youtu.be/N4CLh9BQmVk&list=PL3JprvrxlW269zr8SVzBIl955kbWBl4ZJ

Automating Exporting of Data
https://youtu.be/j-5c3_-RIYQ&list=PL3JprvrxlW269zr8SVzBIl955kbWBl4ZJ

Automating prep work for SQL in list query of hundreds-thousands of items
https://youtu.be/4thoC2cmqT0&list=PL3JprvrxlW269zr8SVzBIl955kbWBl4ZJ

Create an Outlook email-addressbook based on email frequency
https://youtu.be/4uGhzteHSio&list=PL3JprvrxlW269zr8SVzBIl955kbWBl4ZJ

Easy automation of sales emails with Excel and Outlook
https://youtu.be/ZHlRwjpp440&list=PL3JprvrxlW269zr8SVzBIl955kbWBl4ZJ

Example Webservice  API call- phone number to email address for mobile phones
https://youtu.be/pKwHH7hySPo&list=PL3JprvrxlW269zr8SVzBIl955kbWBl4ZJ

Excel & AutoHotkey-Excel Insert email hyperlink
https://youtu.be/FMenoVMOy34&list=PL3JprvrxlW269zr8SVzBIl955kbWBl4ZJ

Excel & AutoHotkey-Performing email merge with Offset
https://youtu.be/c8YadDnXs4E&list=PL3JprvrxlW269zr8SVzBIl955kbWBl4ZJ

Extract email addresses with Regular Expression in AutoHotkey
https://youtu.be/4LRM5jJIG_8&list=PL3JprvrxlW269zr8SVzBIl955kbWBl4ZJ

Great AutoHotkey script to URL EncodeDecode and parse URL parameters
https://youtu.be/SuDDTc7efG8&list=PL3JprvrxlW269zr8SVzBIl955kbWBl4ZJ

How to create an AutoHotkey GUI to work with an API call
https://youtu.be/ELPYwcF_yGg&list=PL3JprvrxlW269zr8SVzBIl955kbWBl4ZJ

How to create an HTML email with Outlook and AutoHotKey
https://youtu.be/yzxlpZFayiY&list=PL3JprvrxlW269zr8SVzBIl955kbWBl4ZJ

Naming Convention & Reporting
https://youtu.be/AP6X3rDLDSo&list=PL3JprvrxlW269zr8SVzBIl955kbWBl4ZJ

Naming Convention and Regular Expression
https://youtu.be/DjBIV9oV1i8&list=PL3JprvrxlW269zr8SVzBIl955kbWBl4ZJ

Outlook PST file creation
https://youtu.be/fD4P9Oj-Z5Y&list=PL3JprvrxlW269zr8SVzBIl955kbWBl4ZJ

Programs that help you write programs
https://youtu.be/Nq-MDHALxlw&list=PL3JprvrxlW269zr8SVzBIl955kbWBl4ZJ

Prospector and Autocomplete API
https://youtu.be/lt_xRM44X-0&list=PL3JprvrxlW269zr8SVzBIl955kbWBl4ZJ

Removing Duplicates from CSV files with AutoHotkey
https://youtu.be/ReP0yk2hJCY&list=PL3JprvrxlW269zr8SVzBIl955kbWBl4ZJ

Selecting  Deselecting items on a form (in mass)
https://youtu.be/2rs9Mwg5EfM&list=PL3JprvrxlW269zr8SVzBIl955kbWBl4ZJ

Uploading a contact list ot Engage via an API call
https://youtu.be/N8RnSyHqT_8&list=PL3JprvrxlW269zr8SVzBIl955kbWBl4ZJ

Using StrSplit to get parse email addresses with AutoHotkey
https://youtu.be/3gEr-4tym7s&list=PL3JprvrxlW269zr8SVzBIl955kbWBl4ZJ

Using Word to find email addresses
https://youtu.be/B-MnPBv81bU&list=PL3JprvrxlW269zr8SVzBIl955kbWBl4ZJ

Webscraping with AutoHotkey to obtain values for Behavioral Targeting
https://youtu.be/LHaAq_xSqpw&list=PL3JprvrxlW269zr8SVzBIl955kbWBl4ZJ

ZOHO API Call-Exporting all Records
https://youtu.be/zXUNtm21_70&list=PL3JprvrxlW269zr8SVzBIl955kbWBl4ZJ
Videos 1-25