
10 Amazing Things That Happen When You Find Your Soul Family
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3okKpyqORE

10 Chilling Experiences That Reveal You Might Have Psychic Powers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9VBTBYl0ab4

10 Clear Signs You Are Being Contacted by a Spirit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtZM03bRNWU

10 Keys to Open the Gates of the Fifth Dimension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMI-fmRDsoM

10 Levels of Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPcU61jWwrU

10 Major Differences Between 3D, 4D and 5D State of Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IOU-JlBbyk4

10 Signs You Are Experiencing A Recalibration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XGi0gql8MoM

10 Signs You are Tapping Into Your Dormant Psychic Abilities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hvtoH4BQb20

10 Signs You May Be Experiencing a Shift to a Higher Vibration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WaAYI4bA59Q

10 Signs You've Found Your Calling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqMElaF8D3w

10 Spiritual Symbols You Must Know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpRDxoOlkE0

10 Stages of Light Body Activation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_MTNBrQL0E

10 Things People Don't Realize You're Doing Because You're an iNtuitive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6xbHOcQpO8

10 Tips to Deflect a Psychic Attack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9ZcJGVZlp4

10 Types of Pain That Are Directly Linked to Your Emotions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNqKgdvpT-I

10 Uncomfortable Signs You're Actually Becoming the Person You're Supposed to Be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DjYhAf44y0

10 Warning Signs from the Universe that Something Big is about to Happen!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCSMzIakiAE

10 Ways to Shift Your Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a860b_yxZkE

11 Intriguing Signs Of Intuition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOzPSs-MiKM

11 Shocking Things I've Learned Since My Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RbCcISSA8Bs

11 Signs The Law of Attraction is Working for You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlpgjFKSIEY

1111 Have You Been Seeing These Numbers Everywhere
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S89jq3y3GMw

12 Laws of The Universe That Will Change Your Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N55l-VSgdeE

12 Methods to Unplug from the Matrix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FimVnb66cO4

12 Signs when Fairies are Near You and How to Attract Them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrH_Fzi2qRo

12 Signs You Have High Spiritual Intelligence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i73agjtfrvY

12 Stages of Light Body Ascension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmqbbvQ-N9k

12 Things to Never Forget About Aquarius
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jpTbEyCHyg

12 Things to Never Say or Do Around a Pisces
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YphQ7MLLzYE

13 Signs That Show the Spirit World is Trying to Make Contact With You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fejyAEZqtGo

13 Signs You are Ready to Go Home to the New Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YhRes4u0n7g

13 Signs You Descend from a Fairy Bloodline
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9onAflsSF0A

14 Things About Sagittarius to Always Remember
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHyC3RaQVGU

144,000, New Lemurian DNA Activation Codes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzDFeqNLw_0

15 Reasons you Should be Drinking Lemon Water Every Morning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8cRqoXz_uY

15 Signs of Twin Flames and Soul Mates, How to Tell the Difference
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-J1lVxGFqM

15 Tips on How to Become a Master Alchemist and Transmute Energies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AwhqbTTX_7Y

16 Signs a Spiritual Awakening is Forcing You to Transcend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ooqtpIjOic

16 Spiritual Gifts You Didn't Know You Already Have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vg7bPUyzo80

16 Ways to Bring Positive Energy Into Your Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gHGPjuyHPYk

18 Signs That You're Here to Transform Human Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4si44lOiWE

19 Signs You're Engaged in the Higher Dimensional Shift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNDXFykts5E

19 Ways You Can Drastically Raise Your Vibration and 10 Things to Avoid That Lower It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFVB9gpRQlk

20 Effective Ways to Clear and Protect Against Negative Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hElSyb_l6fU

20 Signs You are a Starseed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7J6lJvFwEc

20 Signs You're Becoming Your Higher Self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6nVp7pVN0cU

20 Signs Your Soul is Getting Quantum Upgrades
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oydsl57XvSM

2021 Morphogenesis, Cosmic Empowered Alchemy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rBO9DQzZtBg

21 Signs You Are an Intuitive Healer and Don't Even Realize It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GerSaWVoso

22 Signs That You Are Embodying Your Higher Self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZWZc85V_a4

22 Signs That Your Higher Self is Active
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iaa-oLmC-70

25 Strange Symptoms People are Experiencing Worldwide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWvYF7Q4D5k

25 Traits of an Awakening Soul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oW7U7gYQzIM

29 Signs You Are Born To Be A Spiritual Healer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cQmb-1U4ls

3 Crystals for Clearing Your Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFZ00gSdCiY

3 Reasons Why Your Spiritual Awakening is Completely Overwhelming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgaTuo4v0g4

3 Signs That You’ve Met Somebody from your Past Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cM8UKGZ_TLI

31 Signs You're an Earth Angel and What to Do If You Are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Yj2WAbu1vE

3D, 4D, 5D, The Dimensions and their Differences
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clG7ikTkVYE

4 Amazing Ways Archangel Raphael Can Help You and How to Ask
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l6Rn4PVG-fo

4 Crystals for Empaths and Sensitive Souls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NddTO5h4-3Q

4 Crystals to Help with Ascension Symptoms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYhfNC486uA

4 Signs You Are Raising Your Vibrational Frequency
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxdkHXFgarI

4 Signs Your Pet Has Seen a Ghost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNP2fX0qoFQ

4 Super Powers of the Highly Empathic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkOxPEo_KMQ

4 Uncomfortable Symptoms of a Crown Chakra Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cWzzSCvr2cU

4 Ways to Unlock the Doorway to Your Subconscious
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUWEadf6r2M

40 Things Your Soul Wants You to Know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRplrRly0CQ

444 Lightworker Activation Upgrades
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UdqAgx_urMs

4D Frequency Brings Full Transparency
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ur5KgYMETNY

5 5, The Secret Code of Money Manifestation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HxEIvKY2C30

5 Behaviours That Show You Are Reaching a Higher Level of Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWqQXT5uANQ

5 Cosmic Crystals For Starseeds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZSRg1Ot4O0

5 Major Reasons Why Starseeds Struggle with Abundance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dEZhnD0fNo

5 Signs of Kundalini Pre Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hf6VWTXd9TA

5 Signs That Show You Are a Powerful Lightworker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnO7Rp4G46s

5 Signs That Your Depression Could Actually Be an Awakening Process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bY5oMLH3ZiY

5 Signs That your Life is About to Undergo a Massive Change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QwZ0MlkcSl8

5 Signs When Your Third Eye Opens Accidentally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ln0hp75Jwkc

5 Signs You May Be a Nontraditional Shaman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sax82OOrpqc

5 Signs You're Having a True Spiritual Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpQPOlJD_ic

5 Signs Your Third Eye is Opening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZS2fdCim7jM

5 Steps to Getting What You Want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dM451ZC7exY

5 Symptoms You Will Experience When Your Pineal Gland Fully Activates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UzsA7hV3B9w

5 Things Old Souls Do Differently from Everyone Else
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csFCTlNjYMo

5 Things that Happen When You are an Awakened Soul on Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRzAtSpCt54

5 Things That Happen When You're a Lightworker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cvl7VJSHJLs

5 Unexpected Ways Archangel Michael Can Help You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3q2YBXaXt1U

5 Ways Angels Send Help and Guidance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SqyIyf8K5EM

5 Ways to tell if Your Third Eye is Open
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nc5sQHBgrAA

50 Signs of Quantum Upgrades
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OWQyF2nikE

51 Spiritual Awakening Symptoms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXq6OGPlI3Y

555 Activation Code, 5 Ways We are Upgrading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MldXLvbE1OA

555 Gateway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXjn98DxSyo

5D Ascension Timeline, How Much Longer Do We have Left
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1fSdTbxSTE

6 Signs of Astral Projection You Will Notice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXhgtvr1wf4

6 Signs the World is Experiencing a Spiritual Awakening Right NOW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijJ3OZt8frM

6 Signs You’re An Earth Angel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BMEJGaM_GLI

6 Things You Lose When You Become Spiritually Awakened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqfC2y-2GlQ

6 Ways To Protect Yourself From Negative Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dPbfW3Xxds

6 Ways to Unlock Your Inherent Telepathic Abilities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zIFrx8_pmYA

7 Ancient Practices for Turning On the Pineal Gland and Opening the Spiritual Eye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5ZaERfCBps

7 Levels of the Ascension Path Revealed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2fS-J3y0lMo

7 Mind Blowing Facts About Your Body
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UgymZ12yIko

7 Reasons Why a Taurus is the Strongest Lover in the Zodiac
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8Xj26XJBFw

7 Signature Signs of Starseeds and Lightworkers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OmdM_Dg8vg

7 Signs The Universe Is Trying To Show You Something Through Synchronicity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vxh9g3lpec

7 Signs You are Receiving Cosmic Information That You Shouldn't Ignore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7kCDF57uDRI

7 Signs You Might Be an Alchemist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcUf1Ikg1W8

7 Signs You're Entering The 5th Dimension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W3U4uuAzX70

7 Signs Your 3rd Eye is Open
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6I1KovOpY2M

7 Signs your Guardian Angel is Trying to Contact You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oRZAjYiLEdo

7 Things Your Higher Self Wants You to Remember, No Matter What Your Ego Says
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehmeta8Dee8

7 Tips to Receive Guidance from Your Higher Self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wumMq80MUJc

7 Twin Flame Telepathic Connection Signs and Symptoms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EbboyV05yt0

7 Uncomfortable Symptoms You Feel While Your Body Goes Through Merkaba Activation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mq-QvkTh8bI

7 Ways Our Multi Dimensional Soul Tribe Communicates With Us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-QJc5aZ3FxY

7 Ways to Connect with Your Spirit Team
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1PEB-AbPo1E

7 Ways to Read the Frequency of Your Consciousness and Reshape Your Reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9z1LvuxtRmg

7 Ways to Shield your Aura
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=baq5GXszHmc

72 Year Old Prophecy, Extraordinary Rapid Waves of Cosmic Electricity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymit5vCHq8k

777 Number Meaning, Know Why it Appears Everywhere
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0TrZIXuGX7s

8 Amazing Things That Will Happen When You Practice Grounding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XOG75zhAPNs

8 Magical Signs You've Cosmically Aligned With the Universe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Os5MShhOLP4

8 Manifestation Rituals You Haven’t Tried Yet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOwCJFLElUI

8 Most Common Spiritual Messages Received from Your Deceased Loved Ones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LL2gn-IRDgM

8 Signs That You are Experiencing Light Body Merkaba Activation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ACAuPwNILc

8 Signs the World is Undergoing a Paradigm Shift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WnznIH8YfA

8 Signs You are Going Through Energetic Changes Associated with Recent Waves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sc_BA8O4wt0

8 Signs You Have a Hidden Psychic Ability
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlXYdJE7UEg

8 Signs Your Spirit Guides Want to Talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5vw1aagJ2v0

8 Simple Ways to Reach a Higher Vibration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQ6A7OrTicA

9 Characteristics of Spirit Warriors, Are You the Chosen One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GSWMRIlrmbY

9 Dream Symbols You Shouldn't Ignore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvUPGl26Xjw

9 Signs a Certain Someone is Thinking of You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dmSyppr6hQ

9 Signs That You are a Fringe Dweller
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nslmg2_LfI8

9 Signs Your Twin Flame is Communicating With You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVXyYrbh79Y

9 Things Only Awakened Souls Will Understand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gInZU_hIaVE

9 Types of Pain That Are Directly Linked to Emotional States
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LxyViD98Pm0

A 5th Dimensional Knowing vs A 3rd Dimensional Belief
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l2nI2peHFyk

A Message for Lightworkers, Channels & Healers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vscQXD12lM8

A Message for the Advanced Souls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOxGvVb3MDA

A Message from Gaia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejNvxHQeThU

A Message from My Arcturian Self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xoh27JlvtAw

A Mindset Shift to Liberate Your Innate Freedom, The Council of Radiant Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fus1NVCfeZs

A New Breed of Humans, What to Expect From the Children Incarnating Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFgG6uoSctI

A New Matrix Provides A New Hologram For Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SneMGyLfoYI

A Supernatural Event Coming Soon According to Hypnosis Clients
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-PbAR-p6BbE

About Fairies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TO5BjJjSQ7A

Accessing More Downloads, Upgrades & Activations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZikT1rSbOlQ

Activate your Pineal Stargate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxAdX6GcB5g

Activating Your DNA, Shifting Your Blueprint
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqSvgsqlngs

Activating your Spiritual Mission
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUSiep5rU_g

Adama, Telos, Mt  Shasta, California
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RLul-yXF23Y

Adaptations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fM1Jeid4QXI

All About Shadow People
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cN9ppmr8tbI

All Eyes in the Galaxy are on the Awakened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzfZx_F14Ws

All Is Being Orchestrated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nDxcRLnE0Ec

Allies in the Spirit World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-gRe0C59zk

Amar, The Lighted Ones, The Accelerated Timeline Has Been Chosen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NPbVXAw414A

Amethyst Meaning, Properties, Uses, and Powers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LER4h9Eov_g

An Alien Message to Mankind, Do You Wish That We Show Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yASRdXuvaB4

An Essential Piece of the Awakening Process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Bw8KUnqBeU

An Exciting New Alliance is Coming to Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNFy5iRvTlg

An Underground City of Giants Discovered in the Grand Canyon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDcPAg8afKM

Angel Number 1010 and its Meaning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPTXDm3ZU0o

Angel Number 1111 and the Amazing Potential it Carries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5EBbUU-ttA

Angel Number 222, What Does 222 Mean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MTcN551uXDA

Angel Number 888, What Does It Mean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sF1KT4u9tAQ

Angelic Guides, How To Manifest Abundance in Your Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHtJ4Y9E9g8

Angelic Guides, The Key to Changing Anything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iH4ozSoV6k0

Angelic Guides, When You Feel Stuck, Your Work is Vibrational Not Physical
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGPqpgu_0KM

Angelic Guides, When You Have a Desire, You Must Stay Put
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_jJ_CleWN-0

Angelic Guides, You Didn’t Come Here to Struggle, How to Allow With Ease
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWjw_AIUp2k

Angelic Guides, You Will Now Begin to See Everything Fall Neatly Into Place
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRNsq7zLuRk

Anshar, Apology to the Surface Population
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UYW_dRA06M0

Archangel Chamuel, Closing the Gap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwptUz-l4rc

Archangel Metatron and the 33rd Dimension, The Manifestation Point
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jkJWNjY5TTo

Archangel Metatron, Heal Yourself First, Then Manifest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9F3G6FFCJvc

Archangel Metatron, Letting In The PURE Love You Are Receiving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qCYlgSlM5M

Archangel Metatron, Transforming Negative and Fear Based Energies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qci709sSZqg

Archangel Michael and Merlin, The Magic of Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zl5tKfNcP7A

Archangel Michael,  The Prophecy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X287BGl_QK8

Archangel Michael, 11 11 Event, The Arrival!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sahnj1DCjQA

Archangel Michael, 5D is Within You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vu7Cnfl-1Cs

Archangel Michael, A Great Energy Gateway Has Opened!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqMe286vpkQ

Archangel Michael, A Major Leap is About to Take Place
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AnAnTzDvjE

Archangel Michael, A Message for Humanity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Js-nxN5hdeY

Archangel Michael, A New Cycle of Creation is In Progress
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1S-79itdgdE

Archangel Michael, A New Day Has Dawned for Human Kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fn3xJ0RHRK4

Archangel Michael, A Vision For The Future
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwHHpaSLmUc

Archangel Michael, A Wondrous Creation, The Physical Vessel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4yuQqROAzU

Archangel Michael, Accelerated Ascension Process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vTqjamsn96k

Archangel Michael, Access Expanded Capacities through Your Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qda9chzS51w

Archangel Michael, All DNA in the Universe is Being Upgraded
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAenH2kFeok

Archangel Michael, An Invitation for this New Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mk88ZCvk2aY

Archangel Michael, Are You a Starseed Wayshower
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jZAriePyviM

Archangel Michael, Are You Ready for Liberation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMHDc5eVcYg

Archangel Michael, Are You Ready to Make a Commitment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYngY0gmCaA

Archangel Michael, Are You Ready
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FfFbHWtMKtQ

Archangel Michael, Avatars, Ascended Masters, Great Beings of Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYQI6bcPHfs

Archangel Michael, Becoming an Emissary of Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkihKTTBP0E

Archangel Michael, Come! The Energies of the New Earth are Amassing!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcWcZG0qI3I

Archangel Michael, Creating a New Empowered You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1F_M07HQc4

Archangel Michael, Defeating the Archons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aTCDoSZK_ns

Archangel Michael, Empowering a Life of Ease
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N_WYzJTyQuk

Archangel Michael, Enhancing Your Power to Manifest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LVQk3eqm4LQ

Archangel Michael, Entering Heaven Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IqoyFG4qSA4

Archangel Michael, Etheric Sleep Chambers, DNA Upgrades in Delta State
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxGisOL_3Pg

Archangel Michael, Harmonising the Physical, Mental and Emotional Bodies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MMfL4uEIiuE

Archangel Michael, If We Appear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGcuJo-l5sw

Archangel Michael, Intense Levels of Gamma Light are Pounding the Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n93aXYa_6OI

Archangel Michael, Keepers of the Violet Flame
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rShs_7jjmng

Archangel Michael, Messages from Beyond the Solar System
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J6lRyhB_Gg4

Archangel Michael, Money, It's a Matter of Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dlf-Q_8xKqA

Archangel Michael, Moving From The 3D Matrix To The New Crystalline Light Grid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Faf-T4LSHw0

Archangel Michael, Open Letter to Ascending Starseeds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2HjIpjZfad4

Archangel Michael, Opening the Portal to Your Sacred Heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ws-8C6FJnM4

Archangel Michael, Perfecting Your Skills as a Co Creator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHI8eLu2l48

Archangel Michael, Phases of Ascension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3yoVW5uOdc

Archangel Michael, Photon Belt and Stargate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ATsjdgXkOI

Archangel Michael, Post Third Wave, A Message of Freedom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3IcF6adRnV8

Archangel Michael, Relationships and Your Sacred Union
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0U-1D5cGOSQ

Archangel Michael, Second and Third Wave of Humanity's Mass Ascension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZVl2ryAw0k

Archangel Michael, Second and Third Wave of Mass Ascension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-_ApMLu6E4

Archangel Michael, Seeking Peace from Within
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0AjGrQQmFg

Archangel Michael, Stop Apologizing For What You Want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xOkjPKllTlQ

Archangel Michael, Synchronicities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N_D6kYcc5oI

Archangel Michael, The Ecstasy of Sacred Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpwveTF3Uuw

Archangel Michael, The Fiery Forces of Creation are Sweeping the Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yLhrFxCJet8

Archangel Michael, The Final Phase of Human 5D Ascension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0R78rxewbs

Archangel Michael, The Generosity of You Being You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nm_9L4HrBDo

Archangel Michael, The Golden Age Has Come
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_DnhUMQoNA

Archangel Michael, The Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FbZvv2dq1SE

Archangel Michael, The Morphogenesis of the Human Race
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0J3RebWdqwg

Archangel Michael, The New Age of Spiritual Human Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_tS_xXKYozo

Archangel Michael, The New Beginning and the Empty Space
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RdcLVa5bBnA

Archangel Michael, The Next Level of Spiritual Awareness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPBMkhHvM2s

Archangel Michael, The Physical Vessel, A Wonderous Sacred Creation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oghx5s_SSWw

Archangel Michael, The Physical Vessel, A Wondrous Sacred Creation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrPVGfseNCQ

Archangel Michael, The Power and Majesty of the Elements
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s905qacjqgQ

Archangel Michael, The Sun Gate and Grand Climax of Humanity’s Ascension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmE4mtIY70c

Archangel Michael, Twin Flame Divine Masculines, End of Karmic Situations is Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AAe7prgUXYc

Archangel Michael, Twin Flames, Are You Ready Pack Your Bags!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NtWYhzAJm4

Archangel Michael, Twin Healing is Urgent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1SKbVewXdw

Archangel Michael, Where Your Abundance Truly Lies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzvtOA7t8Wo

Archangel Michael, Who are You Talking To
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjS5Qi4k0xo

Archangel Michael, Wondering Who You Really are You are Becoming Your Own Guide Home
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rOCd-xb81E

Archangel Michael, You Are a Star of Cosmic Sacred Fire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bePsqvk0TvM

Archangel Michael, You Are in the Midst of a Spiritual Revolution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ds2pcb7OfIo

Archangel Michael, You Are Now Being Prepared For The Floodgates To Open!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rPvdUU82mDI

Archangel Michael, You are the Greatest of Angels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rS34LJPLcP8

Archangel Raphael, The Event is Now Underway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=819I2kPDgjA

Archangel Uriel, No Celestial Object Will Hit Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F9plPts_NKM

Arcturian Council Message for Light Warriors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJC_oXjDcK0

Are we living in a Simulated Reality The Game of Life and How to Play It!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PW9e8UPj6rM

Are YOU a Starseed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtekI-NUrGU

Are you a Walk In Soul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLOWejCWhcs

Are You an Indigo, a Crystal, or a Rainbow Child
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mrm5LYlhWgs

Are You Experiencing Advanced Energy Shift Symptoms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ff4ZJT1rxi0

Are You Feeling a Big Change Coming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekj-wrDRqpg

Are You Going Through These Body Changes Right Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_mYSXX6LF4

Are You in The 1`% of the Population That is Genetically of Higher Frequency
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tekD7Vnp2A

Are You in The Void Phase
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZxzJhBNb8Vw

Are You Living in an A I  Simulation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imJxkojlUsE

Are You Prepared for The Shift, The Event
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7NcM3rTFa18

Are You Suffering from Ascension Weariness Syndrome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQe46s1KM_8

As the Old Matrix Unravels, New Earth Replaces the Old
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkIkj-WTiKI

Ascended Master André, Magical Time Approaching
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVVjx0847BA

Ascended Masters in Physical Form
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41RXD9lamxU

Ascending Into 5D
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5TJcfsw7MI

Astrology, 7 Reasons Why Everyone Should Give It a Chance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymoPWgv2OFo

Atlantis & The Orion Wars Are Back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CBmQu6qxe2M

Attacks on the Divine Feminine Have Increased!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEV3fD_dIvQ

Awakened Collective, It’s Time to Rise Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dixZqbOomg

Awakened Stasis Giants Secretly Located & Imprisoned by Global Elite
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGXJi2mG16Q

Awakening Energy is Everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7KVSNeAXjdQ

Awakening to the Fifth Dimension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqlvyiSQsWo

Beginning Phase of Frequencies Separating on Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2im3-WkvJxc

Bio-Neurology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I4FRpSEfz_I

Black Obsidian, The Smoking Mirror
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdttGqw0kVQ

Blood Pressure of Those Awakened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9X9TEEwG078

Blue Aura People, Personality Traits and Romance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwEfRpcTNm8

Body Changes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_A_hpkEiuY

Body Temperature During the Crystalline Process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XauJO03aYgw

Breaking The Hypnotic Code Of Reptilians, How To See Them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MOP5Lo44unM

Butterflies are Spiritual Messengers, Here's What They Mean for You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOdlw8Sb95o

Capricorn SuperMoon   Planting Seeds for Long Term Success & Fulfillment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2NGqwvcUlw

Cats as Divine Messengers, Animal Angels, Spirit Guides and Totems
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Yj5Oog18VA

Cats Protect You and Your Home from Ghosts and Negative Spirits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftwcwDAnw_I

Cause and Effect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19q42tnRncU

Choose a Key, Read the Meaning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVC55xRPHc4

Choose a Symbol, See What It Means
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DDumZsF5AY

Codes for Unlocking the Secrets in Your DNA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cm_Zl3-vyZo

Commander Ashtar, Prepare The Way For Meeting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyEVvfqOZ3w

Commander Ashtar, The Event Called Disclosure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QS8sFGc3NKI

Commander Sharman the Pleiadian, Can You See Us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwTVVfld3U4

Commander Sharman the Pleiadian, The Fifth Dimensional NOW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mhXb-vOjHE

Commander Sharman the Pleiadian, We Are You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w14rirYpAyE

Commander Zarton, We Have Decided to Attempt a First Contact with Your Species
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11v5jgDPvQ0

Compelling Changes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atfwHmqndpY

Connecting to the New Grid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjMu0mpRkxI

Consent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WwUZib7acbE

Core Wounds, Soul Family Reunions, and Time Glitches
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJGGSmnczlI

Cosmic Light Wave Coming Our Way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IIa967oYAjw

Cosmic Recalibration, You are Not Alone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcdUasOu_wk

Creating Your Path to the Fifth Dimension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMsO2g47Pug

Deactivating the Energy of Lack, Limitation, The Council of Radiant Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cq9GVWxhzc4

Delivering Everything You Need in Every Moment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RV9uW3g5eTU

Difference Between Being an Empath and Being a LightWorker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_TQaItqa0k

Different Types of Twin Flame Connections
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SsyYZxv3qTM

Discover Who You are Most Compatible With, According to Your Zodiac Sign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLs1pppmrqU

Discovering our Psychic Abilities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggba9FZOoXI

Dismantling Society’s Systems of Control
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wGGmF6nCGs

Dissolution of Quarantine Barriers and Protocols are Beginning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HFEAT1xmz1A

Dissolving the 3D Personality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnMrhUig7hU

Ditching Physical Expectation in the Great 5D Shift, Finding Paradise Within
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LE0H8gKtL20

Divine Timing in Human Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Xq4vNKMzA8

DNA Activation, Upgrade and Ascension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gaa6Oci3wAw

DNA Activations for Gaia Leading to the Ultimate Shift in Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9ChOFYEido

Do People with Social Anxiety and High IQs Have a Rare Psychic Gift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcLmGdG867E

Do You Have a High Vibration 10 Signs of a Vibrational Shift to Look For
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_Za5H_Ndq8

Do You Have Rh Negative Blood Your DNA Doesn’t Come From Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LYwcxTU53Bc

Do You Hear Perpetual High Pitched Frequencies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7vj8eeEhX0

Downloads, What They Are and Where They Come From, Your Akashic Records
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFqvjxOnBOI

Dustin Rolls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S4tWFK3j3_M

Each Zodiac Sign Has a Magical Ability, Which One is Yours
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WHUJa3lXrL4

Ears Ringing The Frequencies Are Amping Up!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHBdT5i37a8

Earth's Ascension, Next Steps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jUSuzbnP2mc

Edgar Cayce, The Powers of the Lapis Lazuli Stone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aL-zg79rZFc

Eleven Ways to Boost Your Ascension Process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlaHNzcZSP8

Energies Upon You & the Energies Coming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDGCETOYeOM

Energy Update and Planetary Shifts, The Councils of Light and Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arsGPsvU5PI

Enochian, The Mysterious Lost Language of Angels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cpij-0bOUSE

Every Single Person You've Met in Your Life is There for One of These 5 Cosmic Reasons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VUWG7bZGuFE

Everything is Fake, Top 40 Pieces of Fakery in Our World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sVU0ejX8cgs

Everything's Coming Up Roses.mp4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmbnPgYIrbg

Evolution into Our Fifth Dimensional SELF
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1CeVs6i8Nag

Expansion of Consciousness Changes Physical Body Density and Dimensions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QI64oGBs41w

Explaining the Power of Crystals to Skeptics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViKSefKGjdo

Extreme Shifts in the Astral Levels of Earth, Massive Planetary Shifts!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPwB9hPwNiQ

False Teachers, The Masks are Coming Off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhoyG39N5Jc

Family Karma, How to Release Energetic Ties from Your Ancestors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cuHiMH6E-CA

Fifth Dimension Has No Rules of Permanence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qAkkcQF6ZKE

Finding the Doorway Out of the Matrix (1232564)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3pEab7mgc8

Finding the Doorway Out of The Matrix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruORtgPNOtk

Five Powerful Invocations for Manifestation Magic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JTKwsYVCK4g

Focus on the Light Within You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZ8enhkgFzw

Following the Clues that Your Soul is Offering You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z2-lVhK-ORI

Freedom, May 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3ehGsvGfJM

Frequency Changes Everything, Let’s Switch Timelines
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t05BqzjbN0w

Full Moon in Aquarius, July 23-24, Unity, Equality, Service Work, Technology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8BkdTBGjeMY

Gaia’s 5D Shift, The Adventure of a Lifetime is Here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tcQ-s4ccAQ

Galactic Council of Light, Third Wave Moving Beyond the 3rd Dimension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2OgdLccKb8Q

Galactic Family, Remember the First Contact You Already Had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5jB2nb46TXU

Galactic Family, The Great Reunion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUD51zs2auw

Galactics Settling on Gaia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTsf1k3b_JA

Gemini Solar Eclipse, The Mind, Innovation, Healing Core Wounds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CT9vLBbfUGs

Genetic Engineering
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3MEVYf0h73w

GeoStorms Heighten Emotional, Spiritual, and Physical States
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sGXC1oFAUf8

Get Ready for an Amazing Ride
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rn0y0_Yz8wU

Get Ready for Your Mission, No more Excuses, It is Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHXEIa0ETcw

Get Rid of These 14 Things and You Will Feel Happiness for the Rest of Your Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWFdST28UJs

Getting Through The Dark Night Of The Soul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODJhVsg1kNM

Giant Underwater Humanoids
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C1nLz0n4WKA

Global Restructuring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xy4Ux0heasU

Go With Your Gut
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPHxwSPvXOM

Good Bye Linear Time, The Return to Unity Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7NywCNrs3mk

Having the Eyes to See
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6kerIJ8mZ8

Heal Yourself and the World with the Violet Flame
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQ1IdJbiUSM

Healers, 5th Dimensional Negative Energy to Watch Out For in People
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKdd6MBXfCk

Healing the Cosmic DNA Helix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PEvKgZSDtVQ

Help Arcturians Repair the 5D Crystalline Grid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A6w2gM_x3Hs

Hesitant to Put Yourself First, The Council of Radiant Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sg0hiQXA2mk

Hidden Talents According to Your Zodiac
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOXDToZ7ScY

High Vibrational Energy Waves Kill Black Goo and Render AI Technology Inert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhBTMkihqV4

Higher Frequency Energies to Come from the 9th Dimension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sbQXaY14jzs

Horus, The Event is Underway!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iGy-YVKhvjM

How Black Tourmaline Can Help The Empath During These Unprecedented Times
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33ChLtYC13U

How Can You Tell if You're Being Spiritually Guided 15 Discernment Tools (1613607)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--1brABR580

How Can You Tell if You're Being Spiritually Guided 15 Discernment Tools
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWDmpLa2k0k

How Do I Know If My Guides Are Contacting Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwJnIa6XU8g

How Each Sign Of The Zodiac Expresses Their Anger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIHZ6W-SC1I

How Humanity Stays on Mission
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLQ90yNFS-8

How Many of These Awakening Symptoms Have You Experienced
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcM8Dv-jKCY

How To Activate Your Light Body
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gMRoBiGAWAs

How to Bring About Massive Changes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DcuygXodmY

How to Change Timelines Right Now Through the Ripple Effect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CbuxJ1hlJj4

How to Communicate Instantly with Your Higher Self for Speedy Manifesting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tC7mCGrr-jo

How to Contact Your Guardian Angel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBv-W45evJc

How to Deprogram your Subconscious Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_20vckFaR04

How To Deprogram Yourself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ts-Arn9thho

How to Effectively Slip into Your Preferred Future
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNoBPqWU3bY

How to Find Your Starseed Markings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLEvI7OJmnU

How to Get Answers from Your Intuition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlR_-7nkyJw

How to Meet Your Tribe & Soulmate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbPh5Ql6aa8

How To Practice Your Metaphysical Abilities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksasIIBoLBk

How to Prepare for the Tsunami Wave of Cosmic Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5N-hXOCNG4M

How to Prepare for The Wave
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aC6lzpTpDpw

How to Read Auras and the Meaning of Each Color
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mbNcKoG7nk

How to Remember the Future
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKWOculJFdg

How to Remember Your Past Lives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCnSUMQIPHc

How to Sense the Presence of Angels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W8TRTbTZbY8

How To Shift Into A Parallel Reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3XodWubV944

How to Survive Going Up in Vibration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0zP4S_twBo

How to Visualize Your New Reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACk2hCuEKjM

How Your Sovereignty Affects Others, The Council of Radiant Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wI-ruQPWOBs

Humanity at the Crossroads
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8M_d9mHoHM

Humanity Just Avoided a Very Dark Timeline
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54oTIZl53TU

I Am Your Lightbody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5vRtzEvieaA

If Any of These 15 Animals Show Up Too Often, You're Being Contacted from Above
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4m1Vf2zsBqI

If You Experience Any of These 10 Signs Around Someone They are From Your Soul Group
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hvNouBhB5Gc

If You Experience Any of These 10 Signs You Have Finally Met Your Soulmate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T-Xx9XMsLqM

If You Experience Any of These 14 Signs, You Have Merged Your Darkness and Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O5wjpum4ta8

If You Experience Any of These 20 Signs, Your Soul is Getting Quantum Upgrades
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zxscWmDpDE

If You Experience Any of These 7 Signs With Someone, They Are Your Cosmic Connection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lD_ibFXcnN8

If You Experience Any of These 9 Signs You Are At High Levels of Advanced Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BP1rHPQBlYU

If You Experience Any of These Signs You are Evolving into The Next Level of Humanity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vi6tMv6LYRA

If You Experience Any of These Signs Your Consciousness is Rising to Higher Dimensions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hNKcQFPtzk

If You Experience Any of These Signs, You Are Walking the Highest Path of Your Purpose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RUnWDiuYS4I

If You Experience Any of These Signs, You Radiate a High Vibration of Positive Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Uwwuw3iFlY

If You Have Any of These 10 Characteristics, You Are One of The 144,000 Prophesized Lightworkers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kpdv7mXlMZU

If You Have Any of These 14 Traits You are an Advanced Soul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9dhEsoNIMM

If You Think Witchcraft is Evil, You Can't Be More Wrong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81JR8Xg5TSc

Illuminating Solstice Gateway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=To1Szpj4qYI

Implanted Thoughts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFN5cDPTYXQ

Increased StarGate Travel and Timeline Convergence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqG-8ilhKUY

Incredible Superpowers You Didn't Know You Had
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K36fdsclrNU

Indigo, Crystal and Rainbow Children
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDkCH8B9FkA

Intense Ascension UPgrades Happening Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEyvgR9wBB0

Intuition and Psychic Senses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YIe0P51bM70

Is Ascension Really Happening (1647791)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sU_Q_cMGEjk

Is Ascension Really Happening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=02qE46EVgkk

Is the Schumann Resonance Rising to Reflect Higher Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysiL9FG8QyM

It Started, The Bifurcation of Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ElxdINMnEzs

It's Time to Find Your Soul Tribe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-AIPeWzV00

Japan Arriving at the 2011 Rose Parade
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOpgmfW4eTk

Jesus, Cosmic Plan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LrAFaXiSvKE

Jesus, Now Is The Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrPcvw9AsEI

Jesus, The Healing Potential of Sound
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMGyNj_D_V0

Joining the Galactic Federation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AUWGaeFKDSk

Keep Seeing The Numbers 1111, 911, or 2121 Everywhere
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ryxq4a3tL4E

Know You Are Not Crazy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SAwtRn_XMjg

Kundalini Activation, WTF is Happening to My Body
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofzEsBWt7IE

Kundalini Awakening Symptoms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQhy8i52IGs

Kundalini, Physical Symptoms, Mental and Emotional, Ways to Help
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sq7tbW-MXlQ

Law of One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ni_H02Md-ag

Letting It All Go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8QdRtrzP2I

Ley Lines, The KEY To Unlocking The Matrix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlQxnco9O8c

Libra Supermoon, Balance, Unity, Healing Relationships & Childhood Wounds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0n4XvloFmcU

Light Workers and The Lost Art of Transmuting Fear into Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0SK9OJSrZec

Lightbody Activation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0Et58OPBy8

Lightwarriors Fear Not What is Happening to You, Everything is Perfect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BjAHjRbg4dM

Lightworker Syndrome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wk6txX5UfPQ

Lightworkers Being Thrown Out of The Matrix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJgD51ijNaA

Lining Up, Letting Go, and Letting In Your Life’s Mission
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qZDNVydPvAg

Living 5D Consciousness Now, 5 Typical Experiences
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3N-3j4cwkK4

Living in 5D While in a Crazy 3D World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tWa_V2VYfb0

Living With and Assisting Walk Ins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPTniF5VOI8

Lord Melchizedek, The 144,000 Emissaries of Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7MTAOzsenI

Love Coming in from the Higher Realms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HfENwQdfwfc

Lucid Dreaming, 9 Steps to be Awake During Dreams
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_tZehhrAYw

Magical Activation Coming That Will Positively Alter Timelines
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpH9dB3QMFo

Manifesting and Ascension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aq9N-RYNiNA

Mary Magdalene, End of the Old World Order
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTTDmXSEuLI

Mass Awakenings Are Coming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PROnHTFOs5U

Mass Awakenings Have Created an Energetic Net
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eK9fwkTMQk0

Massive Changes on Earth!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJiwzpQl7uE

Massive Fleet of Light Ships are Connecting, Etheric Implants are Disabled
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L85IT7_tn18

Massive Walk Out Of Souls In Preparation For The Shift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WwR_IIgoHK4

Meeting Mentors in Your Astral Travels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PhylZklM5uU

Message for Light Warriors, Game On
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0PQonCPSK8

Message for Lightworkers from Council of Twelve
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WM_2jggEAlQ

Message from New Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6F_NbxC_i0k

Message from Sirius B, The Event is the Outcome of Your Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpdkjQnBUMg

Message from the Arcturian Council of Twelve
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4KXG0xGwvE

Message from the Feline Race
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E5CKNLZTtgw

Message to Humanity and the Earth, It is Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jl_V-oL6dR0

Message to the 144,000 on Earth Star Gaia Terra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OaH3TzX6YMc

Metaphysical Healing Techniques, Try Healing Yourself Today
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NEuOU9Q99sA

Metatron, Rainbow Frequency, Your Importance in the Ascension of Gaia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QK3_avwO2MY

Metatron, This is the Clarion Call, The Power of Your Merkaba
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hbreYq-Dic

Mira from the Pleiadian High Council, A Plan For Everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AhLemE8AFgY

Mira from the Pleiadian High Council, Your Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27_VdNbVWwQ

More Extra Terrestrial Contact is Coming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwmBszo96C0

More Walk-Ins are Arriving Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2j7rn6yWqbI

Mother Sekhmet, 144,000 Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C9uSXAGH2Mk

Mother Sekhmet, Don't You Know Who You Are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPcQ2GRKSxs

Mother Sekhmet, Welcome to Niburu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUdo10ZUqx0

Moving Through the Photon Belt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q88UGkMATgg

Nature, Magic and Abundance, The Way of the New Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpQ0sutm4So

Negative Energies & Your Mission on Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_WjwSztI9w

New Ascension Symptoms Bring Bizarre Pains and Memory Loss
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0A_72NqDjA

New Earth Humanity Codes 2222 The Rift Has Been Sealed Through this Recent Stargate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHhFTP0Xvrk

New Earth Replaces Old Earth as We Learn to Shift Our Own Realities from Within
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cSrq1SokNo

New Energy Delivery Systems on Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RbCzzxrHTfw

New Galactic Codes Are Coming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ceaUzSPtCoM

New Moon & Stellium in Aries, Kickstarting Your Destiny
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-fLHTpSQ-s

New Moon in Cancer, July 9,  Healing the Home and Childhood Wounds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lioEOFZd_5U

New Moon in Pisces, Honoring All Emotions, Exploring the Dream World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBQRt_y5iYQ

New Ways to Deliver Downloads & Activations to You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65hF2sCf7tA

Nibiru Showed Up in My Dreams
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NePk3_Uybss

No More Holding Space for Others at This Time, Proceed Ahead, They Will Follow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lksZMxfpAJ0

Now That I Have My Crystals, What Do I Do With Them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y74OXR3j-s4

Old Souls, The Knowledge of Your Eternal Self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JlGDk_9n0sE

One Ascension Level Up, What the Different Waves Experience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2r6k2iLLQ0

Ongoing Upgrades
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1AZOdUMXzI

Opening Portals to More Arcturian Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m7mlkUePpqI

Ophiuchus, Our 13th Sign and Our Future
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8-V7mY92m8

Our Fifth Dimension Family
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3eMY4PuIbI

Our Journey to New Earth, Those who are Ascending, Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQ0RGodQm0E

Our Journey to New Earth, Those who are Ascending
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DX7sluyHkU

Parallel Universes & You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imRc99PQgbA

Parasites
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wj4TvY8hBNU

PCC Drumline Warmup 12-30-10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ETiHqmiz-Vs

PCC Honor Drumline Double Beat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERbZiICB4hk

People With a Spiritual Gift are Affected by These 6 Strange Things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P59bzbNvkHk

Physical Pains And Their Metaphysical Meanings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdWoW9VwbN0

Physical Upgrades & Ascension Symptoms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uL6Tmdxohok

Planetary Ascension Update, Increasing Sentience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GyTELLa1PNg

Pleiadian Starseed, What You Didn’t Know About Pleiadians
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxCOti_vDzY

Pleiadian Temples of Earth – Rebuilding the Civilization of Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vT7PwMPcff4

Pleiadians and Arcturians, Which Reality is the REAL Reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xNdO-40ksHs

Powerful Awakenings Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkLXHIUHJpY

Preparing for Cosmic Citizenship
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RhAq5LSEnr8

Preparing for The Shift, The Event
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFUQPlXO-uk

Proof That Our DNA is Genetically Mutating Right Now!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4lHd-DJnfC8

Protect Yourself From Negative Energies Even In Your Sleep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBqc0OEWJKs

Quan Yin, Frequencies have Begun Separating
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UMkmValAqys

Quan Yin, Results Have Quickened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srPDsJogbn0

Queen Elizabeth Admits She is Not Human!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSFvw5V705I

Queen Elizabeth To Abdicate Her Throne, What This Means To Humanity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JJz1Vur884s

Realm Border Crossing, Phased Shifting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LSmQ8zhjyjE

Receive the Waves of Energetic Help Coming In
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyvmkasJ0vs

Receive This Transmission & Change Everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=866UGTMEWEA

Receiving Creative Downloads
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IP6fzWFHTQ

Recent Accelerations in the 5D Shift and How You Might Personally Benefit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kovOzkMk_r8

Recent Ascension Symptoms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4d7zOm-AVT4

Recent Chakra Upgrades for Humanity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oz7LVuwQMVg

Recovering our Core Self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdmDnv9kB88

Reframing Genius Loneliness, A Higher Purpose Revealed for Creative Misfits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gpGEHL5a0M

Relationships on the Spiritual Path
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wp598diVlZY

Remember Who You Are, It's Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdsWiv3VXUY

Repeating Numbers, Find Out What They Mean, Angelic Guides
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IIwhtVJe-U

Reptilians Being Removed from Underground
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MHbdfB7_-EE

Return to Source, The Spirit's Journey Home
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-X77Vck30UE

Ring of Fire Solar Eclipse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83CXvYChxIQ

Ringing in Left Ear Spiritual Meaning, Pay Attention
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5SbjNAQPmk

Schumann Resonance And The Time Speeding Up Phenomenon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KeI2-bShEWA

Schumann Resonance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YncU4EpOXw4

Scientists Say We Can Sneak Into Parallel Universes Through Our Dreams
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyKLG6SL1vM

Scorpio SuperMoon, Taurus Stellium, Cleaning House, Shadow Work, Money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YO1uPWnw_eE

Shifting from the Old to the New
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0U_a35Sr4FA

Shifting into Second Harmonic Universe (1979745)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-YSOelxTQQ

Shifting into Second Harmonic Universe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xwp8u1aj0o

Signs of a Psychic Attack, What You Should Know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ENbKAn2m7-Q

Signs You are a Pleiadian Starseed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NGFXuoGV5rs

Sirian Regional Council
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmypSl8xRCs

Sliders, People Experiencing Strange Electric Phenomena
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-jJ06LeaIg

So What is That Ringing in My Ears
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tkd6q1d2Ook

Solar System Approaching the Closest Position to the Galactic Core!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfBY3Bd7VJo

Some Thoughts on Crystals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28t80pIhR5Q

Soul Ascension, Emotional and Mental Maturity, The Celestial White Beings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3BQt10Wp6w4

Soulmates, 7 Signs You Have Found One of Them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFsz4HSAfII

Speedy Manifestation, The Pleiadian High Council of Seven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M8Mx8zLHkas

Spirit Guides, The Higher Power That Looks Out For Us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQpGxBnT25s

Spiritual Alchemy, When Trauma and Turmoil Lead to Spiritual Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJLdGc_-afY

Spiritual Immunity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D85699hBH3g

Spiritual Meaning of 444, Why do You Keep Seeing It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hn40Xw2LvlI

Spiritual Narcissists and their False Light Propaganda
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYDKMRgbe0c

Spiritual Significance of Halloween
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zYgj8zGXcLY

Spiritual Warfare
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUMvFM1Zl_4

Starseed and Royalty Survival, How to Recognize Implants and Tags
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqy1v721_9I

Starseed Releasing and the Purpose of the Upcoming Event
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NWU9GrDcmM

Starseed Symptoms Due to Awakening and DNA Activation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4nvLoKk2FRc

Starseeds, Understanding Your Mission and Roles on Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOMvwbFIqNY

Starseeds, You Will Get to Go Home
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKE5FvWjOuw

Successfully Navigating the Current Energies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5eDpsIOGIQ

Super Quantum Earth and Our New Existence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORvQUvCtCFM

SuperMoon, Lunar Eclipse in Sagittarius, Mercury Station, Old Beliefs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-h8_kOIN9M

Symbolic and Spiritual Meaning of Hummingbirds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NajEmJK05X8

Symptoms of Energy Shifts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_0UTbxGxXA

Symptoms of Timeline Jumping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lk-ngK3y8JM

Synchronicity Happens for a Reason, No Accidents, No Coincidences
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7AAE_OCpmRE

Synchronicity Happens For A Reason
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zlxm9Y1b85A

Synchronicity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vDw0EkcMKX8

Taurus New Moon, Dreaming Big, Honoring the Physical Body, Taking Risks, Money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ko4nkdXjOZo

Temporary 5D Timeline is Now Available
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlBjhvuqa_E

Ten Ways to Use Your Gemstones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7XZ0ocIw2Oo

Tetrahedron Sacred Geometry, A Wonderful Healing Tool
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKxuL-DTqLE

Thalamus Upgrade
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P3qxmwnUIAk

The 12 Light Body Activations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=deRoFI3eA8w

The 144,000 Download
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BccyKPzB9DY

The 5 Rare Starseed Blood Types and Their Meanings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lB8vkyJCsmg

The 5 Stages of Awakening, Signposts and Pitfalls on the Path of Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eb1R8KKdwPA

The 5 Steps for Manifesting Wealth and Abundance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TsiZCfqKhEs

The 7 Classes Of Paranormal Entities, According to The Ghostbusters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2XpXHIRylIo

The Ability to Remember Who You Are has Just Been Restored
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=feFYL7D8Udc

The Absolute Truth About What a Lightworker is, from The Divine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UD4IyVV7hNo

The Amazing Rise of the Mandela Effect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8zYhkicQgI

The Andromedans, Aligning Yourself with Your Ascension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJazQEXpFUM

The Andromedans, New Earth is Approaching Fast
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koD1LSwFNEs

The Angels, Heavenly Money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BU2lAG6_SQI

The Angels, Not the End
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hB2BhLhrdfQ

The Angels, You Cannot Fail
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZyKSakvrX8

The Arcturian Council Message for Awakened Souls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcZqW_cSncY

The Arcturian Council Message, The Holographic System of Control
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdLUDbURBTU

The Arcturians, A Blessing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BxkInFW6b1s

The Arcturians, A Full Plate of Stuff to Be Acknowledged
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0sw5i_u5xE

The Arcturians, A Peek Into the 5th Dimension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKVTXOFKK1Q

The Arcturians, Accepting the Call to Transmute Gaia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8BZSO0luwY

The Arcturians, Activating Human Evolution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ef3INpK8NXk

The Arcturians, All is Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Upn42UyRLqw

The Arcturians, All is Proceeding According to Plan (1514787)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7xyXUM4OxE

The Arcturians, All is Proceeding According to Plan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6DHDzhcfPc

The Arcturians, All Power is Within You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DGCTYyaWzw

The Arcturians, Answering Questions About Themselves and Their Planet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4adMgaRTaI

The Arcturians, Answers to Human Questions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WydrqldpI2Q

The Arcturians, Be Not Afraid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TD7cbP_6N0

The Arcturians, Becoming Portals of Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsyL6eDd0JM

The Arcturians, Beginning Your Transitions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3_Zmbx_tGg

The Arcturians, Constant Connection with Your Higher SELF
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NtMrySROYQ

The Arcturians, Creation of Reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FKX80WRAYm0

The Arcturians, Enjoy Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CflZ3-_0Udw

The Arcturians, Every Soul Awakens Out of Illusion and into Reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmrnDyUvZCw

The Arcturians, Everything is On Track
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W2XFJ_hYWV4

The Arcturians, Evolution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-IH5iQwz5D8

The Arcturians, Examine Your Belief System
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PUlEapEpco

The Arcturians, Expanding Your Perceptual Field
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pj5J7LmTU1A

The Arcturians, Fifth Dimensional Star Ships
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4S0KN4_RTE

The Arcturians, Final Message for your Inter-Dimensional Child
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6zpVeaxQ40

The Arcturians, Forgiveness and Energy Cords
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HlK_pbKsAJg

The Arcturians, Fully Aware
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P3ZFtQefmOM

The Arcturians, Great Transition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0t11aFmgvTU

The Arcturians, Health
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VcV5vfF-TPk

The Arcturians, Here in the NOW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5RQUI71P2g

The Arcturians, Higher Dimensional Energies Pouring Onto Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BmEKM8jGGc

The Arcturians, I AM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKffAsJw5I

The Arcturians, Important Points
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqS02Z5c4IY

The Arcturians, In the Midst of Great Transition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wydQ4l0_J-A

The Arcturians, Inter dimensional Communication
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDtvczfczc0

The Arcturians, Inter dimensional Portals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ro43ifpoPQ

The Arcturians, It Is The NOW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jEO6zyEZoQs

The Arcturians, Judgement and Criticism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rXIqvvLlih8

The Arcturians, Leaving Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=liCVuQAayn0

The Arcturians, Let Go of That Which No Longer Resonates With You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2VfdJ7MqiI

The Arcturians, Like It or Not, Ascension is Happening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpe_UmifWzA

The Arcturians, Living in the Fifth Dimensional Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9jx6eorcj8

The Arcturians, Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byOjdyQ4GJE

The Arcturians, Many are Choosing to Leave at This Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1BYowAwoqhU

The Arcturians, Message for Our Grounded Earth Crew
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSI_OQPmHeM

The Arcturians, Message to the Ascending Ones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zjs5Hp4NFY0

The Arcturians, Metaphysics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZzhL3LV9g3U

The Arcturians, Money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jx-41Kdd-TI

The Arcturians, New Earth You Say, Where is It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmb08rSzIS8

The Arcturians, Odd Symptoms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Evtr6W3e6fo

The Arcturians, One Foot in Both Worlds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TEofROBwkyw

The Arcturians, Out of the Dark Ages and Into the Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cfy199k6Us4

The Arcturians, Peace
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQcZdxPRpPY

The Arcturians, Possible Phases of Ascension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkg_kU_UXSs

The Arcturians, Powerful High Dimensional Energies of Ascension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQGT7_a1A3Y

The Arcturians, Practice Daily Protection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zuHoKYpiTo

The Arcturians, Releasing your Third and Fourth Dimensional Operating System
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6M4kbE2tTlo

The Arcturians, Remembering What You Always Knew
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=noHEoOd3gUg

The Arcturians, Remembering Your Source Self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAr_trMvkvQ

The Arcturians, Safety and Security
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URNTaW6Ig9M

The Arcturians, Shifting Realities and Changing Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2b-fAsHZQI

The Arcturians, Soul Fragmentation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dYGZ9bIhjD8

The Arcturians, Souls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cpgM6Cak5g

The Arcturians, Spiritual Evolution is Unstoppable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSL6Z_q4RSo

The Arcturians, Spiritual Evolution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWwLRZj1axA

The Arcturians, Spirituality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=coJ3Nm1-Tis

The Arcturians, The Concept of Money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bbDex1sACs

The Arcturians, The Divine Plan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FgTPTopbCKc

The Arcturians, The Pause
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nz6PpoBdfY8

The Arcturians, The Process of Ascension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTqxXtGQ__Y

The Arcturians, The Process of Your Transformation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=styFkqLWpz4

The Arcturians, The Removal of Gaia's 3D Matrix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZkaoyDRV_iM

The Arcturians, There are No Spiritual Rules
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTnJRuCb4to

The Arcturians, There is Much to Come!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GCyxAQWJFk

The Arcturians, There is No Right or Wrong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8X44UgmrliA

The Arcturians, There is Only One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_rL3mpUJro

The Arcturians, Threshold to the Fifth Dimension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4hr5hnfA6U

The Arcturians, Truth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8u39Tai67c

The Arcturians, We Are Here NOW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Svgu75GwvI0

The Arcturians, We are With You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AeSzjXJHZHI

The Arcturians, Welcome to the New Age
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryN8F8Ppfnc

The Arcturians, What is Inbetween Where You are NOW and Where You are Going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqvE_higZUc

The Arcturians, Within This NOW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V5JW9hQ2yKs

The Arcturians, World Consciousness is Changing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70MTjczNY28

The Arcturians, You are Creators, You are Ready
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rXfzo1LVJjQ

The Arcturians, YOU are The Galactics in Human Form
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZRc7RWL_TA

The Arcturians, You are the Holy Grail
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_eINVP6WkU

The Arcturians, You Chose to Be Here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KnCFaSmr6Sg

The Arcturians, You Have Awakened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWEK1i6pfjs

The Arcturians, Your Go To Higher Frequency Friend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtOT20DAU9A

The Arcturians, Your Higher Self is Running the Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozKBRf0DE90

The Arcturians, Your Intimate Relationship With Gaia's Ascension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yd5fcKNO7j4

The Art of Quantum Jumping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7kC_fN_M3A

The Awakened Ones and The Awakening Ones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTMv_KY6tVY

The Background People Will Disappear at The Shift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2LcnfgVTXVs

The Beginning of the Final Ascension Shift Period
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vSEzZ6V0JYU

The Beginnings of the Major Changes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Wl06pbLo6I

The Biggest Secret of All Time is Now Out of the Bag
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWG0wpX3ZOA

The Biggest Shift Ever On The Planet Is Happening Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQPUYTBjg8U

The Blue Avians and Blue Sphere Beings, Do You Know What Love Can Do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i47yuWfYQFk

The Bringers of the Dawn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6RSPMoeVmXs

The Change in the Matrix of the Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXg6ytypLpg

The Collective of Guides, You Can Change Any Circumstances You Choose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KiAq0mTLgV8

The Collective, Dealing with Trauma and Life Changes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqKLdpqvPds

The Collective, Message to Lightworkers, February 12, 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_alqKKJJcjE

The Collective, Message to Lightworkers, June 10, 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shukGNTjIjw

The Collective, Message to Lightworkers, June 25, 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sX3s5k4qHw8

The Collective, Message to Lightworkers, March 31, 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fAQOcanTVw

The Coming Revolution, A New Vibrational Reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XI3wwbg7EI0

The Council of Sirius, Insights into the Ascension of Mother Earth and Humanity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDiODxZ8n8k

The Creators, Let Go of Your Plans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4ZYMZgBS04

The Divine Light Grid of the New Earth – April 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6QMobVg5mcU

The Divine Solar Feminine and Ascension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyVcQpeQkic

The Earth Will Be Lifted Back to Her Original State, Mira, the Pleiadian High Council
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSJGaLJNRxk

The Elohim, The Event
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFjlT5T1EDE

The Elohim, We Are Here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6__JIpOXr0

The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Preface
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Clpv1lHxmY

The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 1, The History of Thoth, The Atlantean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQMIgQskAzI

The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 10, The Key of Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CHuiBvzUT7c

The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 11, The Key to Above and Below
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=STkM9DdyxQk

The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 12, The Law of Cause and Effect and The Key of Prophecy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBAg5UkM7J8

The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 13, The Keys of Life and Death
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gTMbsg2p2oo

The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 14, Atlantis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TMZDdJnAYZM

The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 15, Secret of Secrets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dOTAr926pSI

The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 2, The Halls of Amenti
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fp-WyLC1NUc

The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 3, The Key of Wisdom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8KutLeZ_H08

The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 4, The Space Born
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6EJxfxF30VQ

The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 5, The Dweller of Unal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atasYl6rqJ8

The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 6, The Key of Magic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3NvjH5YYI0

The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 7, The Seven Lords
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-i70vN0B2Q

The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 8, The Key of Mysteries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5O5RWeXYteo

The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 9, The Key of Freedom of Space
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1uYy3d_kCbI

The Energies Coming In
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrA_PZtb_OQ

The Energies Upon You & Unchartered Timelines
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5A3AyT5Mp9w

The Enormity of What’s Happening Right Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TxPIV76rYvY

The Event
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpngcWRLNAs

The False Ascension Matrix, How Does it Affect You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzFsA80QASI

The Fifth Dimensional Lightbringers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQ5c86i4I6A

The Final Event
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_n06g1TiX-Q

The Final Step on Your Journey of Ascension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpldJowqAgw

The Final Wave of Souls is Here and It's Going to Change Everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_E34Lg0qS4I

The Firmament and Lemuria
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hIG4Pz0H3-I

The Founders, DNA and Genetics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5wlQm6dGCs

The Founders, The Divine Dispensations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXypszchZ3A

The Founders, Zero Point and Dimensions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHTAKIpdVfA

The Four Most Powerful Signs Of The Zodiac And Their Hidden Strengths
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWKREyNrCWk

The Galactic Codex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9s1h2ZKHdLQ

The Galactic Dragons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bq1WC81qGJc

The Galactics, We Come to You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zA3Yq-VvkH0

The Gemini Zodiac Sign, Deep, Childlike People
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ClU5VnUfP0

The Golden Age
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RYYUHHaiaCg

The Golden Children are Here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ELZr99UQtL4

The Golden Ones, Leaving Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NW8eQNPNRE0

The Golden Ones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sg0jUay_ThI

The Grand Shift Of Human Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_BtnCEYsLs

The Great Earth Experiment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fqXCzQgyvk

The Great Journey to Earth! Pleiadian Light Forces Transmission
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRSscQXbvAE

The Healing Powers of Cats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igVFSWZhmCs

The Heron Spirit Animal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1KGhJnOiOmk

The Higher Selves of the Unawakened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krVFOiTRUT4

The Hopi Elders, The Hour Has Arrived
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tpXlBkIKkI

The Illusion of Time and Space
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9qbWPiAocM

The Language of Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7T0xus2sG-o

The Lemurian Light Council, Energies on the Planet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmQ64eOYIAs

The Life Principles of Each Zodiac Sign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fYHU12yyxIQ

The Lightworker, Understanding Your Mission and Role on Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvtIyAVdXhQ

The Lightworkers Prophecy and its Connection to Numbers 1440 & 144
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvPlJ_AsJRA

The Luckiest Star Signs of the Zodiac
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8B4kXQ-RKkw

The Magic of 1111 Angel Numbers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AublI6TlUJ4

The Mandela Effect and the Merging of Two Parallel Realities (1670168)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JMa17cFcVMY

The Mandela Effect and the Merging of Two Parallel Realities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnVkHZlFjZc

The Mass Human Exodus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzcjxYARZXM

The Meaning of 222 in Numerology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQW0k6z5bSo

The Messages of Feathers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wttJ7FMk314

The Mission of The Awakened Collective
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4wbMtlYuJI

The Most Incredible Ways to Raise Your Vibration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7iaZ4NSj3g

The Multi Dimensional Self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dYPCkEjZ_9w

The New Earth ? There is no Doubt that We are Living in Transformational Times
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFysGAeOZ9s

The Next Phase of Mass Awakenings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKU-HIyutus

The Next Wave of Energies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDoeUh9CNsM

The Next Wave of Mass Awakenings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mz_ztTzYbDE

The Ongoing Awakening Ascension Process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYihp3-VVfY

The Origin, Purpose, and Destiny of the Earth Game
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iHlJgcrof64

The Physical Body’s Role in Ascension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A0wFHuiRB6Y

The Pleiadian Collective, You are Being Upgraded
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gavA_9PSnNI

The Pleiadian High Council of Seven, Your Physical Symptoms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDczHJcZYjk

The Pleiadians, Inter dimensional Message for All Earth's Beings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEh3oifbNks

The Pleiadians, Interdimensional Healing, Remembering Life on the Starships
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIp25T94Hws

The Pleiadians, Living Between Realities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FO46c36G3C0

The Pleiadians, The Broadcastings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EpnmZImhI7E

The Pleiadians, The Earth Initiation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7m2kQ8MJPM

The Pleiadians, The Fifth Dimensional Paradigm of Reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jelRhgewJlo

The Pleiadians, The Game, the Codes, the Master Numbers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-8BfB8Sj3A

The Pleiadians, There is a Drastic Change Going On Right Now!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OAFV6svlyHA

The Pleiadians, Through the Portal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqMjHGruwbc

The Pleiadians, You Are Now Ready to Receive as You Have Never Received Before
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THfaFgkV-0A

The Power of the Infinity Symbol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eRfZ_1RPQqU

The Real Event You’re Waiting For
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3u79hBZ17k

The Real Reason Why Lightworkers are Under Attack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBQ8kzEjt_Q

The Reason You're Attracted to Someone Isn't Why You Think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZkpPCe9Lag

The Secret Meaning of Numbers 0 to 9
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etl9an3E7HY

The Secret to an Accelerated Conscious Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wPS_c1OkZm8

The Seven Hermetic Principles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5-4pQUPFrk

The Shift Accelerates!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uz19m65Eadg

The Shift from Carbon Base to Crystalline Silicon Structure Bodies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P3FGDmTLjsc

The Soul Exchanges, Who and What are the Walk Ins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J8pJb-T8SuY

The Spiritual Significance of 10 10, A Gateway of New Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yGFdHS_vOXI

The Starseed Mission is Almost Complete
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-Trw3NxxvY

The Symptoms of Higher Consciousness, 18 Signs of Spiritual Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVYzux9WSx0

The Teachings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P201j8MwGz4

The Time Has Arrived Finally, Our Realities are Splitting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1VrS4oZDUY

The Time Opens to New Potentials
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnWerv3G8VE

The Transformation of our DNA is Leading Us To Universal Truths
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jnps8tBjv6g

The Transition From 3D to Crystalline Light 5D Body
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHwd-u4mSgI

The Two Faces of Each Zodiac Sign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L49Kud7YxQo

The Universe Responds, 5 Signs Your Dreams are Coming True
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=foOozEnyPTc

The Vega Effect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k81ucZe_9gA

The Veil Has Lifted!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qf961L0D0IE

The Violet Flame, The Alchemist's Dream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=excGNgnpEZI

The Virus of Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jFe_HieXp9Q

The Walk Ins   Preparing For The Fourth Wave Of Volunteers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqIWCHtGgEA

The White Horse Prophecy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBmjnKKSQQg

The World is Not Falling Apart, The Veil of World Wide Corruption is Lifting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GU_hpGT0obI

There are 12 Types of Lightworkers That Transform the Human Spirit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmqZSw5Dpd0

There are 5 Alien Species Struggling to Dominate Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6oGCXJlAOU

There are 7 Types of Souls in the World! What Type of Soul are You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxiYKpPC3Vo

There is a Spiritual Meaning to the Tingling You are Feeling on the Top of Your Head
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOqIKBnQiMo

There Is Another Sun And Human Civilization Inside The Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXS9eDNLHT4

There is No Spoon, How to Manipulate Reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzWRF2Ch5ws

These Amazing Things Happen When You Eat Himalayan Salt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZ86FshKQRw

These Are the Innate Psychic Abilities of Each Zodiac Sign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IoXomqk9ibI

These Zodiac Pairs are the Most Passionate and Powerful Together
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhoVStBS6jk

This Is How Thoughts And Intentions Create Physical Reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CCUT-JtA6n4

This is How to Connect With The Spirit Team Assigned to You Before You Were Born
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAnGJON45vA

This is the Final Stage of Preparation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0LXcQR5iVc

This is What Different Feather Colors Mean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPBg_iLizB0

This is Your Deepest, Darkest Secret According to Your Zodiac Sign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1KmGrDT_TU

This Is Your Most Secret Fear, According To Your Zodiac Sign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYzFj-ee3P8

Those of You Who Are Truly Awake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kINryYQRKJI

Thoth, The Molecular Second Coming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mm5VdPOIsWU

Time is Now Accelerating to a Standstill
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gInoTCLLXI

Time of Surrender and Great Growth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pSYuonzlxc

Time to Remember Who We Are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zhy70N84RHw

Timeline Reality Split, Frequency Vibration, and the Hidden Forces of Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37eaIEspApQ

Timelines are Separating and the New 5D Timeline is Currently Happening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bLdaCeIyEMI

Timelines Shift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umuzsuGm7cw

Tinnitus or Spiritual Ringing in the Ears
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cNs43jahv4

Top 10 Reasons Why Aquarius is the Best Zodiac Sign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9IEtpNe70mQ

Top 10 Reasons Why Aries is the Best Zodiac Sign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-34jaIKZEnM

Top 10 Reasons Why Cancer is the Best Zodiac Sign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXYU_3-tZkM

Top 10 Reasons Why Capricorn is the Best Zodiac Sign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtKzSCwnGxM

Top 10 Reasons Why Gemini is the Best Zodiac Sign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rRbWAnWu6M

Top 10 Reasons Why Leo is the Best Zodiac Sign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1Q9Ba7WExQ

Top 10 Reasons Why Libra is the Best Zodiac Sign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMhUj_1LZpE

Top 10 Reasons Why Pisces is the Best Zodiac Sign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CL_pG5t6lSE

Top 10 Reasons Why Sagittarius is the Best Zodiac Sign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwJzPl7sGBU

Top 10 Reasons Why Scorpio is the Best Zodiac Sign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dfLKpVfaQdE

Top 10 Reasons Why Taurus is the Best Zodiac Sign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e13E3WDCIqY

Top 10 Reasons Why Virgo is the Best Zodiac Sign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sto3nRfLeSk

Traits of Andromeda Souls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBQD_GFtZxc

Traits of Apollonia Souls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7o1JMGHr7s

Traits of Arcturus Souls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgW3qg_WRog

Traits of Maldeck Souls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RfC3yGl5lrg

Traits of Orion Souls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-TDZIp9qg4

Traits of Pleiadian Souls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFxpjNGbqSk

Traits of Pvila Souls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLRX6dooXwE

Traits of Sirian Souls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=97unGLmI0m4

Traits of Vega Souls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMuB6cV8YXg

Transmutational Ascension Symptoms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTRk125UyT4

Tree of Life and Important Upcoming Event or Exposure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NrBNgeyRIY

Triple Numbers and their Meanings 111, 222, 333, 444, 555
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjjEDObTUKQ

Trying versus Allowing, THE Way to Go with the Flow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xy_SKO_bjTk

Twelve Positive Symptoms of Spiritual Growth and Ascension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUGY8IvztOE

Twin Flame Attraction Signs, 9 Signs Of Magnetic Pull
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRxLfBEXmYQ

Twin Spirit, Twin Soul Recognition Signs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WYkIT2fIXIQ

Two Earths
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hd0teaz-pvY

Unakite, The Crystalline Key to Love, Heart Healing, and Physical Well Being
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qBuf5mBL4oc

Understanding the Timeline Split
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QBDVoW7bBlg

Unlocking Your DNA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIqIsGR08y4

Upcoming Upgrades & Massive Changes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_nEz98vXLY

Upgrades & Downloads from the Earth & Sun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cmakiG_Dmic

Upgrades, the Matrix, and Mental Health
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXnqC6nZZqI

Urgent Message for Twin Flames, Stay in Love and New Twins Awakened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dEliqBRldjQ

Urgent! Divine Healing Portal – July 8 – 15
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTs94WAURkw

Urgent! Lion’s Gate Portal – July 28 – August 12 – The Choice is Yours!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GxjnIzD7EM

Use The Force, How to Be an Awesomely Conscious Creator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BBbInFeIukQ

Ushering in a New Era for Humanity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1byA62_ANk

Vibration Frequency Code
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pR9hvjWdWeY

Violating Laws of Nature
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aR_0A9AuH14

Visitation Dreams and How to Know You've Had One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVM2PYFvBaI

Waking Up Between 3 And 5 AM Can Be A Sign Of A Spiritual Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-S2GrEFOnGE

Waking Up in the Dream, The Real Secret to Manifestation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-iUKOmPglk

Waking Up in the Middle of the Night Could Reveal Something Important about You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RUmU-nB1xzo

Waking Up to a Quantum World, Who Do We Trust
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bN0AmgQbeRw

Walk Ins 101
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EdgcdgtpI2A

Walking your Own Path and Trusting your Self Completely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnL7ycjOpU8

Want to Change Your Reality Just Switch the Channel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmIRGCK37xQ

Waves of Energy Coming from All Across the Galaxy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yi84X2nbUmU

We All Have The Same Mission
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3E5lV74iaM

We Seek to Put You in a Trance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5rHI0cVqvU

Welcome to the Creators Room, We've Been Waiting for You! Pleiadian Council of Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fZoHCr7_fg

What are Twin Flames
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rL6b-1qFdS4

What Are Your Ascension Body Symptoms Trying to Tell You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtpMGhhzspM

What Crystal Should You Own Based on Your Zodiac Sign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68So6qvjETg

What Do My Spirit Guides Mean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olZydz2XCzw

What Does it Mean When Your Aura is Purple
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7knuSkOExi0

What is a Dreamcatcher and How Does it Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWgaxxTuDoE

What is Kundalini  How to Activate it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pUevBNdMGIs

What is Kundalini Shakti
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEaIrzJSGDs

What is My Mission in Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9QxbDTIihC4

What is The Event
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VN2SIif79E4

What is The Matrix and How Do We Exit From It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hj5aO9ogyvE

What Is The Shift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgSQ7yIE-qo

What is the Spiritual Meaning of 555
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=071frZPUMK4

What Kind of Witch Are You Choose Your Broom and Discover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AX70nDWWVTc

What Lies Within the Star Children
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kcjg90Guug0

What Portal did CERN Open Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouWIMgvGNy4

What They Found, Then Covered Up, In Antarctica Will Blow Your Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XrlxpNMJX-8

What Unlocking Your 7th Sense Could Mean for You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hZUByOwwdE

What Will Happen During The Shift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbKmVkFjZuI

What You Need to Do in Order to Ascend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gTpBsG2uOJk

What You Need to Know About the Sirian Starseed Mission
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QWhEnVjRKI4

What You Should Know About the Divine Significance of 1111
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qj8J7Oqmms

What Your Ascension is Really About
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EUGyFB1bbM

What Your Birthstone Means, According to Science
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDM-RnbIGoU

What's Not Working and What Is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xeg70cLwEcs

What's that Symbol Eye of Horus, Eye of Ra, Wadjet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9EOBU4NKJc

When It's Time for the Soul To Fully Awaken
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vpXA-7wo4w

When There's No Place Left to Go, We Go Home
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKBdUUK6UsE

When You are Feeling Vibrations in Your Body, The 4 Signs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FR-74GZGJE

Which Chakra is Out of Balance and the Best Way to ReAllign Them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yXDGyhDv4V8

Which Crystals are Powerful for Your Zodiac Sign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZlXsRyL46o

Which Number Brings you Love, Luck and Money According to Your Zodiac Sign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hLRm3Kb91w

Which of these Indigo Adult Characteristics do You Have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=88BaYMadRSE

Which Star System Did You Originate From
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRyWstlQjKU

White Magnetic Mirror, Day Out of Time July 25, 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bxqUyAOfSE

Who Am I Astrology Explained
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJAeTdMpWHw

Who and What Your Zodiac Sign Should Avoid During Mercury Retrograde
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6Z1_HGJ3gI

Who Are My Spirit Guides
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxTr3XCcs-M

Who Are The Pleiadians
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5VLlNWYRF4o

Who is Your Perfect Partner Based on Your Zodiac Sign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14afZLPdvNs

Why Are We Here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHpmJgoVHyo

Why Can't I Get to Sleep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gknTFljsS6Q

Why Cats are Badass Spiritual Beings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCi7Xi-x3AU

Why Do So Many Advanced Souls Struggle with Abundance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BN3yfyW98z4

Why Do Some People See Auras
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83WAinwqKrs

Why ET's Don't Swoop Down to Save You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSyp-FNp7Ls

Why We Don’t Have Contact
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LzKFzBMwhPA

Why We Forget Who We Are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZiDa6pzWkk

Why We Meet the Same Souls in Every Incarnation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-pqu2cX4FBU

Why You Need to Pay Attention to Synchronicity Now!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gtYw9kKTG8

Will There Be an Event or a Solar Flash
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHot630tSIk

Within the Eye of the Storm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zrP6Bn1SLc

You Are a Massive Experiment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryBYDBAjDGY

You Are About to Experience a Shift in Your Frequency
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5reb6O0u58

You Are Being Assisted by All of Creation, Mira from the Pleiadian High Council
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxVQKOM-8iw

You Are Getting Heart Chakra Upgrades
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vp-6lkAsF4

You Are Not Losing Your Memory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ryYgDGIF6c

You are on a MultiDimensional Earth NOW, Everything is Different
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaRnIsykuHE

You Have Been Shown Some of Your Divine Gifts and Abilities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPBmFyqKcW4

You Have Chosen to Be a Part of the Ascension of Planet Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHyUjiNISTQ

You Have the Power to Shift All Around You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npO4wdgoyEg

You Need Bigger Energy Fields for This
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5D4i7EvJnC0

You Should Pay Attention to These 9 Most Common Dream Symbols
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDMaGniHNOo

You Were Chosen Before You Were Born
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-FrW38QGn4

You Will Be in For Some Grand Surprises, Mira from the Pleiadian High Council
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-w3CapY-e6Y

You're Not Dying, It's The Schumann Resonance!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xSv6GFa9RA

You've Been Given More Power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XlTo1rqrN0w

Your 9th Dimensional Angels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_lWVwzLQGo

Your Astral Travels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrpnoosPRm4

Your Cells are Listening, How Talking to Your Body Can Help You Heal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-t8l0DxFyM

Your Future Self is Emerging With This Massive Shift in Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3Jlxsdci8c

Your Galactic Family, Meeting Your SELF
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sqa18fMj3Dc

Your Higher Self is Ready to Join You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWE_Rp8ece8

Your Increased Claircognizance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=solvif_xazo

Your Mission at this Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DYpkpnPJN48

Your Mission to Save Humanity, Earth & the Universe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tif4qGZ9EFU

Your Most Powerful Chakra Based on Your Zodiac Sign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=63sop9BzuxA

Your Role in the Shift, The Event
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-Y4a4Yw6Vc

Your Soul's Journey, A Message from your Spirit Guides
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MT1n6rtp5cM

Your Spirit Guide Might Contact You in Each One of These 4 Situations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFGbMV-uE74

Your True Spirit Animal, According to your Zodiac Sign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfkze1Y8itg

Your Voice Holds the Gift of Codes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGif5YEHtlQ
Higher Self - Videos