
A Ronacher  Advanced Flask Pattern Q  A session
https://youtu.be/XAARbHEjZUQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

A schereiber    A laboratory Notebook System
https://youtu.be/jrQT77qFN3o&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Advanced Flask Pattern
https://youtu.be/KOvgfbBFZxk&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Aspect oriented programming applied to dictionary trees
https://youtu.be/EwLih26Cjfs&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Building a full featured Python Web Application in 10 minutes part 2
https://youtu.be/PcopX_ney0g&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Camelot 101
https://youtu.be/x4hec861h2w&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Concurrent futures is here
https://youtu.be/2Ng-UIedZMY&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Content Management professionale con Python nel 2012
https://youtu.be/vUwSWtWJrnY&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Full Text Search for Trac with Apache Solr
https://youtu.be/6XvSvPhqRZ4&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Fully Test driven Django with selenium part 1
https://youtu.be/WfyoC0h9QKA&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Fully Test driven Django with selenium part 2
https://youtu.be/1oenHuqyQXc&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Guidelines to writing a Python API
https://youtu.be/Skdz5tTAHK0&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

HotPy 2 - A High Performance Binary-Compatible Virtual Machine for Python
https://youtu.be/c6PYnZUMF7o&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Increasing women engagement in the Python community
https://youtu.be/l2PnVKQJg0I&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Javascript for Pythonistas part 1
https://youtu.be/OyavJFwEZFo&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Language alone wont pay your bills
https://youtu.be/JlNYO4zUDAQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Making DISQUS realtime
https://youtu.be/PeVB5DNptD4&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Marc-Andre Lemburg -  PSF Adress
https://youtu.be/qZfkxymF_Xo&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Maurizio Delmonte   Non solo Django MVC orientato ai contenuti con Plone e Zope Toolkit
https://youtu.be/8q2ROzfX8E0&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

NDB new data store library for Google App engine
https://youtu.be/HiOp8KQLcgM&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Python and Arduino a tale of snakes and kings
https://youtu.be/IslxBmz1pVg&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Python e Arduino una storia di serpenti e re
https://youtu.be/MXEF7CE9ERQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Python in banking systems
https://youtu.be/AmmVtWY2GfU&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

sys._current_frames- take real-time X-rays of your software for fun and performance
https://youtu.be/MFqP03EfT4I&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Usiamo la api di uWSGI per scrivere applicazioni meno noiose
https://youtu.be/cn0bD2i-Ev8&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K
Videos 51-75