
Chad Granum - Test2Harness – Super charge your test runs
https://youtu.be/uyqP6Prsq38&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Dan Wright - Farewell
https://youtu.be/xyU_XZ5yih0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

David Hand _ Linux initramfs for fun, and, uh...
https://youtu.be/KQjRnuwb7is&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Elizabeth Mattijsen - The State of the CPAN Butterfly Plan
https://youtu.be/EjE-weTVKVE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Graham TerMarsch - Red Wunz Go Fasta!
https://youtu.be/BToZ_E3vU0Y&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Ingy döt Net - DDT n P56 & ↗
https://youtu.be/P0BUVI9vVvE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

LIGHTNING TALK Andrew Grangaard – Community Mentorship
https://youtu.be/An2IhrTjtKM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

LIGHTNING TALK Andrew Rodland - SyntaxKeywordRawQuote
https://youtu.be/gbgOQ-2ALMQ&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

LIGHTNING TALK Charles McGarvey - Bring Your Own User-Agent
https://youtu.be/vrtD3ecPKY0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

LIGHTNING TALK Chris Nandor - D’oh! Bart!
https://youtu.be/ZtkDJBSKYbI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

LIGHTNING TALK Deidre Foster - PerlTNG
https://youtu.be/M7OZJCZoiuQ&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

LIGHTNING TALK Deven T. Corzine - Ancient Regex Regression
https://youtu.be/U-JhPIECkPY&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

LIGHTNING TALK Ingy döt Net – A New Café
https://youtu.be/qAap55h8tG8&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

LIGHTNING TALK Jon Gentle - Easy, opinionated perl deployments with AppMechaCPAN
https://youtu.be/nwvCW7PCEJg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

LIGHTNING TALK Nicolas R. - Mocking for testing
https://youtu.be/vseK1_nMy4A&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

LIGHTNING TALK Theron Stanford - An array with automatic indexing
https://youtu.be/PlDli7aqV5s&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Question and Answer with Larry Wall
https://youtu.be/_wJNPOs-Q20&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Sawyer X - Perl 5.28 and Beyond
https://youtu.be/IhMILnOVMnM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Sterling Hanenkamp - Raspberry Pi + Arduino + Perl 6 = Fewer Interruptions
https://youtu.be/DE3BI7lYaS4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO

Steven Lembark - Having a Meta-Adventure
https://youtu.be/XREzI5cPOSo&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFx1inHPmwmbXrPcI8cc0fyO
Videos 51-70