
Azure App Service for .NET Developers - MVP Show ft. Daniel Gomez
https://youtu.be/3hpE9zKf05A&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-nVMvM2JSWTr1H-3oHf-L94

Azure DevOps Pipelines with Docker - MVP Show ft. Thiago Vivas
https://youtu.be/sqNfqWe_0Hc&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-nVMvM2JSWTr1H-3oHf-L94

C# Corner MVP ft. Bohdan Stupak
https://youtu.be/aU3Co-3RhsY&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-nVMvM2JSWTr1H-3oHf-L94

C# Corner MVP Show Ep. - 1 ft. Vivek Sharma
https://youtu.be/k5mb8E0Vxpw&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-nVMvM2JSWTr1H-3oHf-L94

C# Corner MVP Show ft. Daniel Gomez
https://youtu.be/0Mfb5M63JOY&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-nVMvM2JSWTr1H-3oHf-L94

Containers in Azure - MVP Show ft. Mustafa Toroman
https://youtu.be/4p9MGu71Fv4&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-nVMvM2JSWTr1H-3oHf-L94

Demystifying Azure Container Instance - MVP Show ft. Abhishek
https://youtu.be/GgYa4vDEh78&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-nVMvM2JSWTr1H-3oHf-L94

Demystifying Serverless - MVP Show ft. Zeeshan Ep. 2
https://youtu.be/oMP1_8TpFB8&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-nVMvM2JSWTr1H-3oHf-L94

Discussion with a  Canadian  C# Corner MVP ft. Deepak Kaushik
https://youtu.be/qT2y4zfT-qM&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-nVMvM2JSWTr1H-3oHf-L94

Event Hub Integrations with Dynamics CRM & Power Automate - C# Corner MVP Show ft. Venkata
https://youtu.be/ch5lh80RQHo&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-nVMvM2JSWTr1H-3oHf-L94

Explore Azure Components To Host Web Application - MVP Show ft. Jayakumar Balasubramaniam
https://youtu.be/3HlwMiqXY2A&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-nVMvM2JSWTr1H-3oHf-L94

Future of Cloud Computing - C# Corner MVP Show ft. Allen
https://youtu.be/yBaOXsnJKOM&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-nVMvM2JSWTr1H-3oHf-L94

Installing Windows Linux Subsystem - MVP Show ft. Asma Khalid
https://youtu.be/qpc2d6lndYE&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-nVMvM2JSWTr1H-3oHf-L94

Integrate CosmosDB Server Objects with ASP.NET Core MVC App - MVP Show ft. Debasis Saha
https://youtu.be/y_H20mReRMk&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-nVMvM2JSWTr1H-3oHf-L94

J2EE â€“ Building Component-based Enterprise Web Applications - MVP Show ft. Ashish Bhatnagar
https://youtu.be/jdyNwGoLjPM&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-nVMvM2JSWTr1H-3oHf-L94

Learn Modern SharePoint - MVP Show ft. Bharat Bhushan
https://youtu.be/rOfvRr2Y1YQ&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-nVMvM2JSWTr1H-3oHf-L94

Microsoft 365 Development - MVP Show ft. Nilesh Shah
https://youtu.be/Fer1QGXz8w0&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-nVMvM2JSWTr1H-3oHf-L94

Microsoft AI - MVP Show ft. Dipa Mehta
https://youtu.be/mdpWuJmmjCM&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-nVMvM2JSWTr1H-3oHf-L94

New features in C# 9.0 - MVP Show ft. Munib Butt
https://youtu.be/EN2sFkJVFqA&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-nVMvM2JSWTr1H-3oHf-L94

Notifications using Microsoft Graph - MVP Show ft. Shweta Lodha
https://youtu.be/zIlgt01lG18&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-nVMvM2JSWTr1H-3oHf-L94

Outsystem for developing Low code Mobile Applications - MVP Show ft. Rakeshkumar Desai
https://youtu.be/rJ9Rs4lMFD0&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-nVMvM2JSWTr1H-3oHf-L94

Search Engine Optimization in Angular Apps - MVP Show ft. Ankit Prajapati
https://youtu.be/msV9z0N_2OM&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-nVMvM2JSWTr1H-3oHf-L94

Usage of SharePoint Online Webparts - MVP Show ft. Primal Lobo
https://youtu.be/saCU6CGqjek&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-nVMvM2JSWTr1H-3oHf-L94

WPF Simplified - MVP Show ft. Rikam Palkar
https://youtu.be/6s-KoBCCpDM&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-nVMvM2JSWTr1H-3oHf-L94
C# Corner MVP Show