
Alan Siegel Let's simplify legal jargon!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyemG7V5ynQ&list=

Andrew Fitzgerald Adventures in Twitter fiction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J6ZzmqDMhi0&list=

Anne Curzan What makes a word real
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6NU0DMjv0Y&list=

Billy Collins Two poems about what dogs think (probably)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOvbl3ZPPV4&list=

David Kwong Two nerdy obsessions meet — and it's magic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qCWAsd2GP8&list=

Erin McKean The joy of lexicography
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4VzuWmN8zY&list=

How to speak so that people want to listen  Julian Treasure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIho2S0ZahI&list=

Jill Shargaa Please, please, people. Let's put the 'awe' back in 'awesome'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSD6RlqHwOk&list=

John McWhorter Txtng is killing language. JK!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UmvOgW6iV2s&list=

Learn to read Chinese ... with ease!  ShaoLan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=troxvPRmZm8&list=

Mark Pagel How language transformed humanity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImQrUjlyHUg&list=

Massive-scale online collaboration  Luis von Ahn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Ht4qiDRZE8&list=

Matthew Carter My life in typefaces
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjxyEwjG2Es&list=

Patricia Ryan Don't insist on English!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFX68SJs2-0&list=

Saki Mafundikwa Ingenuity and elegance in ancient African alphabets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gIbIewxHQrk&list=

Stephen Burt Why people need poetry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08ZWROqoTZo&list=

Steven Pinker and Rebecca Newberger Goldstein The long reach of reason
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uk7gKixqVNU&list=

Steven Pinker What our language habits reveal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LjQM8PzCEY0&list=

Suzanne Talhouk Don't kill your language
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNOiwgrZbPE&list=

Wade Davis Cultures at the far edge of the world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bL7vK0pOvKI&list=

Wes Moore How to talk to veterans about the war
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5P04stEjJ9E&list=

What we learned from 5 million books
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5l4cA8zSreQ&list=

Why is 'x' the unknown  Terry Moore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YX_OxBfsvbk&list=
Words, words, words