
207 Client Side Validation with StimulusJS  Preview
https://youtu.be/_-AmUwQdRq4&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #193 - Environment Specific Encrypted Credentials in Rails 5.2  Preview
https://youtu.be/kDWOC6qPqQg&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #194 - Teaching at Bootcamps with Ed Toro  Interview
https://youtu.be/b95T9HyBxTs&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #195 - Thredded Forum  Preview
https://youtu.be/vakfo0HqpQE&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #196 - ActionViewComponent
https://youtu.be/HworfA7H5vI&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #197 - Introduction to DragonRuby
https://youtu.be/-l4QB40qfSU&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #198 - SOLID - Single Responsibility Principle  Preview
https://youtu.be/lSFAyCh6_Io&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #199 - SOLID - OpenClosed Principle  Preview
https://youtu.be/nWzXr_FhVfQ&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #200 SOLID - Liskov Substitution Principle  Preview
https://youtu.be/n9NJ4nCm2gw&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #201 - Working with Large Data
https://youtu.be/a6SqOU7l2X8&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #202 - SweetAlerts in Rails 6  Preview
https://youtu.be/fFZEmpMpZL0&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #203 - AWS Security Groups and Deploying Rails 6 to Beanstalk  Preview
https://youtu.be/aL-EqfAskgQ&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #204 - 3D Secure 2 Credit Cards and Stripe Checkout  Preview
https://youtu.be/Di-cPegLnMg&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #205 - Push Notifications with ActionCable
https://youtu.be/PaJB2tZdSII&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #206 - Creating and Publishing a Stimulus Controller Library  Preview
https://youtu.be/U2CseXJ40Ao&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #208 - Creating Health Checks  Preview
https://youtu.be/trAUc0qzmJ4&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #209 - Reactive Applications with Stimulus Reflex  Preview
https://youtu.be/K9QeC9CsYiU&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #210 - Rails Tips and Tricks
https://youtu.be/avXZi9Zrb0o&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #211 - Polling with StimulusJS  Preview
https://youtu.be/eU5JBMqiEvg&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #212 - Progressive Web Applications  Preview
https://youtu.be/fAwS-oNZhjM&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #213 - Website Accessibility  Preview
https://youtu.be/6dRqQ61Fbdo&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #214 - Plugging in AnyCable
https://youtu.be/0cKtKxKzu68&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #215 - Creating a Rack Middleware  Preview
https://youtu.be/yocMgry4Nv0&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #216 - Using Bootstrap Themes  Preview
https://youtu.be/7QT7EMsQyjg&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr

Episode #217 - Working with Time Zones  Preview
https://youtu.be/bN6cuwwAVoQ&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSZ6kkTy48Vdt6IJqYUaPjKr
Videos 126-150