
Alexander Lourenco - Realtime Distributed Computing At Scale Storm And Streamparse
https://youtu.be/wXgMgSnj7PM&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Alice Harpole - Sustainable Scientific Software Development
https://youtu.be/3DJHefC6v28&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Amit Nabarro - Asynchronous IO and the real-time web
https://youtu.be/1vrUDDqMfR0&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Andreas Heider, Robert Wall - Taking the Hipster out of Streaming
https://youtu.be/YWobIPRRnbU&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Christoph Heer - How SAP is using Python to test its database SAP HANA
https://youtu.be/Xgy3OCEVuEA&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

David Liu - Infrastructure design patterns with Python, Buildbot, and Linux Containers
https://youtu.be/Rs7qccf-Ll0&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Francesco Nazzaro - Facing the challenge of climate change with xarray and Dask
https://youtu.be/yUl9g4YtNZo&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Giulio Calacoci - PostgreSQL and Python, a match made in heaven
https://youtu.be/x_cY8jnpQZw&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Giuseppe Di Bernardo - Big Data Analytics at the MPCDF GPU Crystallography with Python
https://youtu.be/7oROuV-HjSQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Harald Armin Massa - PostgreSQL - The Database for Industry 4.0  and IOT
https://youtu.be/LXI48d2gif0&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Hynek Schlawack - Solid Snakes
https://youtu.be/FThx_Jk24Rc&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Jonas Obrist - Why you might want to go async
https://youtu.be/GXS-cR7opQY&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Juan Manuel Santos - You need more security in your application packaging
https://youtu.be/ZFCAE8rxP7E&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Lee Sheng - Teeing up Python Code Golf
https://youtu.be/sbIzdpQdaYs&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Lightning Talks - 2017-07-12
https://youtu.be/avUcnPzHxB4&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Mariano Anaya - Discovering Descriptors
https://youtu.be/TAuC086NNmo&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Martin Christen - Rendering complex 3D-Geodata using pyRT
https://youtu.be/xFgFtk-0zsk&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Martin Christen, Roberto De Ioris, Tomislav Uzelac - Making Games with Python Mission Impossible
https://youtu.be/yNXqXcbnVu8&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Mike Müller - Programming in Parallel with Threads
https://youtu.be/5BiqdDXtFfA&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Paweł Lewtak - Improve your developer's toolset
https://youtu.be/hhBXr6CfKbE&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Pietro Battiston - How to use pandas the wrong way
https://youtu.be/4JwpDGrMsJE&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Raphael Pierzina - Hi, my name is README! - A Look at Why Docs are So Important
https://youtu.be/sQ9H2h-y_p4&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Sebastian Neubauer - There should be one obvious way to bring python into production
https://youtu.be/hnQKsxKjCUo&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Vinicius Pacheco - Green threads in Python
https://youtu.be/VWoyeq_ujJ4&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Vita Smid - Feeding a real-time user interface
https://youtu.be/F62gvPaKr2U&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh
Videos 51-75