
Accepting and cloning a react element as a prop
https://youtu.be/e5NDgvpJ_vU&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Add Discuss on twitter to gatsby-mdx powered blog
https://youtu.be/31Aiy_vxXlQ&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

AMA Am I using hooks right
https://youtu.be/Mf--BTZq47E&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Creating a component library with raw CSS
https://youtu.be/ljnrvPMjaVs&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Currying in JavaScript
https://youtu.be/Tx-0tcEl1I0&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Debugging node_modules
https://youtu.be/OtrT-nhqQug&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Handling Sequenced Fetch calls with React Hooks (and a React Suspense preview)
https://youtu.be/y55rLsSNUiM&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

How to Test a Custom React Hook (that uses setTimeout)
https://youtu.be/PKUDcLGn-80&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

How to use useEffect dependencies properly
https://youtu.be/dIPvgHEM-2s&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Let's HOOK up with React ⚛️⚓️
https://youtu.be/h9qHKDlsnP0&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Named Imports vs Object Destructuring
https://youtu.be/4keUSxNw-KE&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

React hooks useCallback and useEffect dependencies
https://youtu.be/L59rOas2AYE&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

React Runtime validation & throwing errors in render
https://youtu.be/mJS6kSq0Wog&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Recreate a Flexbox based Navbar with CSS Grid
https://youtu.be/wo9d-qRIa5E&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Self-Expiring React Component (with hooks)
https://youtu.be/b55ctBtjBcE&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Test a React Component that renders a list with react-testing-library
https://youtu.be/Qf2k9zt3S_A&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Testing a Multi-Page form part 2
https://youtu.be/I0dYO2JMUmQ&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Testing a Multi-Page form
https://youtu.be/9xaJ78qEJCM&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Testing a React component that uses useContext
https://youtu.be/3yiialslPbc&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Testing an axios interceptor component with react-testing-library
https://youtu.be/YJKtzS1jGsI&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

The difference between an expression and a statement in JavaScript
https://youtu.be/eWTuFoBYiwg&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

The State Reducer Pattern with React Hooks
https://youtu.be/RENGNzZ0dIs&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Using React.useReducer to avoid state bugs
https://youtu.be/Vi_46Io0UZc&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Using `void` to make arrow functions return nothing
https://youtu.be/OCTFOsCvcNs&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

What does glamorous give me that CSS modules doesn't
https://youtu.be/biewJRnEiwU&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u
Videos 1-25