
API Authentication with Node Part #1 - Introduction
https://youtu.be/zx6jnaLuB9Q

API Authentication with Node Part #2 - Cookies vs Tokens
https://youtu.be/4Y5a_iKXihw

API Authentication with Node Part #3 - NodeExpress API
https://youtu.be/x_HRoXKo2es

CodeWorkr - June Update
https://youtu.be/JC8-Q0eMWQU

Express MongoDB REST API #10 - Cars Routes Start
https://youtu.be/-bQbI2rcoWI

Express MongoDB REST API #11 - Cars Routes End
https://youtu.be/sA5yM3TALA4

Express MongoDB REST API #12 - What to do next
https://youtu.be/4A-Z7ts7dVg

Express MongoDB REST API #8 - Parameters Validation
https://youtu.be/tJlmAAxwygc

Express MongoDB REST API #9 - Body Validation
https://youtu.be/36v09ARHshc

JavaScript ES6 Series #10 - Object Literals Features
https://youtu.be/FGJQm1q4kiA

JavaScript ES6 Series #11 - Rest Operator
https://youtu.be/RWz37fIUzO0

JavaScript ES6 Series #12 - Spread Operator
https://youtu.be/88w7joflL-g

JavaScript ES6 Series #4 - filter Helper
https://youtu.be/ppHcI_GxQCs

JavaScript ES6 Series #5 - every and some Helpers
https://youtu.be/WB3Z-7m-aGc

JavaScript ES6 Series #6 - reduce Helper
https://youtu.be/BmuIyFaqgdA

JavaScript ES6 Series #7 - Var, Let and Const
https://youtu.be/pKK3mpXl_aM

JavaScript ES6 Series #8 - Fat Arrow Function
https://youtu.be/t1f_z0eSNLI

JavaScript ES6 Series #9 - Default Parameters
https://youtu.be/uyOZA6uag_E

Site Authentication With Node Part #1 - Introduction
https://youtu.be/CqQMfCzyx08

Site Authentication With Node Part #2 - Validating Data
https://youtu.be/OZlsCJb529s

Site Authentication With Node Part #3 - Database Interactions
https://youtu.be/EWedMHVNssQ

Site Authentication With Node Part #4 - Salting and Hashing
https://youtu.be/Q3Lsje9vlhk

Site Authentication With Node Part #5 - Login Flow
https://youtu.be/9hqNeTqxlWE

Site Authentication With Node Part #6 - Authorization
https://youtu.be/bVOJdjsQ5yM

Site Authentication With Node Part #7 - Email Verification
https://youtu.be/gzDB0ZGOjA0
Videos 26-50