
Build a Solar Tracking System Using Simulink and ThingSpeak for Arduino
https://youtu.be/57GxzjSaKhA&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oBSjfGe8WIMN-2_rwWFSgr

How to Automatically Tune PID Controllers
https://youtu.be/ENhFepqjFOY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oBSjfGe8WIMN-2_rwWFSgr

How to Bring Data from MATLAB Into Simulink   Hear from MATLAB & Simulink Developers
https://youtu.be/kM2qL__YxBQ&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oBSjfGe8WIMN-2_rwWFSgr

How to Collect Sensor Data on Your iPhone or Android Device Using MATLAB Mobile
https://youtu.be/LCk9gV0ooxI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oBSjfGe8WIMN-2_rwWFSgr

How to Design Motor Controllers with Simscape Electrical, Part 1 Simulate Back-EMF Voltage
https://youtu.be/JDgvBZbnfPw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oBSjfGe8WIMN-2_rwWFSgr

How to Design Motor Controllers with Simscape Electrical, Part 2 Modeling a Three-Phase Inverter
https://youtu.be/dghUC_IAj1Q&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oBSjfGe8WIMN-2_rwWFSgr

How to Get Started with Control Systems in MATLAB
https://youtu.be/MylJIqVVNr0&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oBSjfGe8WIMN-2_rwWFSgr

How to Implement Object-Oriented Programming Principles in MATLAB
https://youtu.be/kz4zYECb8AA&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oBSjfGe8WIMN-2_rwWFSgr

How to Import Excel Data into MATLAB
https://youtu.be/0hArv-UBKQQ&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oBSjfGe8WIMN-2_rwWFSgr

How to Improve Simulation Performance Using the Solver Profiler
https://youtu.be/-EQI2Osbeug&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oBSjfGe8WIMN-2_rwWFSgr

How to Interact with Simulink Models from MATLAB Scripts
https://youtu.be/pLYZRCY-RO8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oBSjfGe8WIMN-2_rwWFSgr

How to Optimize Control System Parameters in Simulink
https://youtu.be/lyLffjAwOyQ&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oBSjfGe8WIMN-2_rwWFSgr

How to Optimize Model Parameters in Simulink
https://youtu.be/b0jNOXZKuj8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oBSjfGe8WIMN-2_rwWFSgr

How to Preprocess Time Series Data with MATLAB
https://youtu.be/CsqtMGDnMBw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oBSjfGe8WIMN-2_rwWFSgr

How to Solve Math Problems Using Symbolic Math Toolbox
https://youtu.be/yYyRUH1idWg&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oBSjfGe8WIMN-2_rwWFSgr

How to Tune the Parameters of Algorithms Running on Hardware
https://youtu.be/hcg-nJ7pfX4&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oBSjfGe8WIMN-2_rwWFSgr

How to Use Buses in Simulink
https://youtu.be/LWnZXSuRt0I&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oBSjfGe8WIMN-2_rwWFSgr

How to Use Custom Automation Algorithms for Data Labeling
https://youtu.be/Y36D1fJZkT0&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oBSjfGe8WIMN-2_rwWFSgr

How to Use for-Loops to Visualize Data in MATLAB
https://youtu.be/iI6T7quAqXw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oBSjfGe8WIMN-2_rwWFSgr

How to Use Function Handles in MATLAB
https://youtu.be/Ud7buvncHQ0&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oBSjfGe8WIMN-2_rwWFSgr

How to Use Lookup Tables with Simulink
https://youtu.be/HmfwKoFHrO4&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oBSjfGe8WIMN-2_rwWFSgr

How to Use Model Callbacks with Simulink
https://youtu.be/1JjV4BlxZe4&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oBSjfGe8WIMN-2_rwWFSgr

How to Use Source Control in MATLAB with GitHub
https://youtu.be/O7A27uMduo0&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oBSjfGe8WIMN-2_rwWFSgr

How to Visualize Multivariable Functions in MATLAB
https://youtu.be/G9THGoGjNlo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oBSjfGe8WIMN-2_rwWFSgr

How to Visualize Results for Autonomous Driving Scenarios in Simulink  MATLAB & Simulink Developers
https://youtu.be/DcXZrbsBAJM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oBSjfGe8WIMN-2_rwWFSgr
Videos 26-50