
A day has ± 24 hous - Miroslav Šedivý
https://youtu.be/IkMJw74JY2M&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98sqBDz8_HyAFqp8YW78-g8

Alireza Soroudi The Art of Optimal Decision Making in Python Pyomo Package
https://youtu.be/oivo-XAvum8&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98sqBDz8_HyAFqp8YW78-g8

Arjumand Younus - Needle in the Haystack Problem for Scientific Literature How Python can Help
https://youtu.be/uWsvS-mgzTU&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98sqBDz8_HyAFqp8YW78-g8

Ben McKeon Orbit Modelling Using Symplectic Integrators in Python.
https://youtu.be/RKcf_unvgkQ&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98sqBDz8_HyAFqp8YW78-g8

Charlie Lewis (Lightning Talk) - How do we test a Python function that is dependent on Docker
https://youtu.be/bAv7tEKZpOc&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98sqBDz8_HyAFqp8YW78-g8

Cheuk Ting Ho - Discord bot is fun! [LIGHTNING TALK]
https://youtu.be/ZuqJQlsxzPc&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98sqBDz8_HyAFqp8YW78-g8

Eric Soroos (Derilinx) - Big Data on the Laptop  [LIGHTNING TALK]
https://youtu.be/AHjI3n7YMAc&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98sqBDz8_HyAFqp8YW78-g8

How to maintain many, many, many, many, many git repositiories
https://youtu.be/9ZkjNJpUSlY&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98sqBDz8_HyAFqp8YW78-g8

January 2021, Python Ireland's meetup, Michael Dowling
https://youtu.be/vUj7Vmqbq5c&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98sqBDz8_HyAFqp8YW78-g8

Jürgen Gmach (lightning talk) - Tool Confusion - Pythonic code with flake8, tox and precommit
https://youtu.be/8iqhNbDHC-c&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98sqBDz8_HyAFqp8YW78-g8

Jürgen Gmach - PDB (Python Debugger) to debug your Flask App [LIGHTNING TALK] [LIGHTNING TALK]
https://youtu.be/Fxkco-gS4S8&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98sqBDz8_HyAFqp8YW78-g8

Mihai Criveti - 5min Native Python IDE Containers & JupyterLab on KubernetesOpenShift [LIGHT.TALK]
https://youtu.be/QyI3IO3EnLk&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98sqBDz8_HyAFqp8YW78-g8

Miroslav Šedivý - QWERTY [LIGHTNING TALK]
https://youtu.be/yrXSCvWO1QM&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98sqBDz8_HyAFqp8YW78-g8

Mridu Bhatnagar - Get Word Of the Day SMS using Python and Twilio
https://youtu.be/iBc5UsWWpEs&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98sqBDz8_HyAFqp8YW78-g8

Nicolas Laurance (lightning talk) - Version issues no more with pip-compile
https://youtu.be/-TT9g-wiSxM&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98sqBDz8_HyAFqp8YW78-g8

Optimization (Linear & Mixed Integer Programming) for Pythonistas, with John Curry
https://youtu.be/nTtYTkT0hc4&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98sqBDz8_HyAFqp8YW78-g8

Packaging improve your Python supply-chain
https://youtu.be/b4dzlUx-MuI&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98sqBDz8_HyAFqp8YW78-g8

Python Ireland & PyAmsterdam Remote (workshop) MeetUp #4 with Vincent Warmerdam
https://youtu.be/ul5LI_YIBDw&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98sqBDz8_HyAFqp8YW78-g8

Python Ireland Remote MeetUp #5 (livedemo) with Stephane Wirtel
https://youtu.be/qdGBjyEhqn4&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98sqBDz8_HyAFqp8YW78-g8

Remote Python Ireland MeetUp #1 - Emanuil Tolev
https://youtu.be/4Jrglr9GSFc&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98sqBDz8_HyAFqp8YW78-g8

Remote Python Ireland MeetUp #2 - Nicolas Demarchi & Dr Hayley Evers-King
https://youtu.be/i8edAZS3nU0&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98sqBDz8_HyAFqp8YW78-g8

Remote Python Ireland MeetUp #3 - Isaac Evans & Stephen Finucane
https://youtu.be/jKdOOFoAXys&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98sqBDz8_HyAFqp8YW78-g8

Tool Confusion - Pythonic code with flake8, tox and precommit
https://youtu.be/DrM7GHlEFT8&list=PLNeBS51Q0m98sqBDz8_HyAFqp8YW78-g8
Videos 1-25