
Achieving C-like performance in Python without Cython or other libraries
https://youtu.be/Ri8sU5DphEE

Coding Habits How to make coding part of your daily life 💻
https://youtu.be/aSyUZbDxPR0

How do you make money as a Python developer 💰💰💰
https://youtu.be/t3jULw6_veI

How do you write clean, yet readable Python code
https://youtu.be/sQBDd4xUZ1Q

How to avoid premature optimization in software development
https://youtu.be/5wISuYbWpvs

How to convince your team or company to use Python 🖥🐍
https://youtu.be/3IVIZwXMFls

How to maintain legacy Python codebases
https://youtu.be/cm_eCSlhAFs

How to stay up to date and employable as a Python developer
https://youtu.be/c6miHMXgt1s

I completed Python Tricks The Book — Am I a Beginner or Intermediate Python Dev
https://youtu.be/vDvmfxXnl_A

Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) in Python – A Good Idea 🚨🐍
https://youtu.be/ixO9oXy1Dhw

Programming blogs – Using Medium vs self-hosting with your own website 🤔
https://youtu.be/y62p-dF1rN4

Python Certifications – Worth It Or A Waste Of Money 💸🐍
https://youtu.be/V-t4QLFjRAE

Python Tricks is the #1 Python book on Amazon right now 😲 (Q&A)
https://youtu.be/y8aX93b_Azk

Python vs PHP Why are there so few (free) shared hosting offers
https://youtu.be/TayhQFzw7RY

Should you build your whole dev career on Python alone 🐍❓
https://youtu.be/KpfAViSLAN8

Should you stick with Python 2 or migrate to Python 3
https://youtu.be/W8mieeEvMhs

The skills and knowledge that will impact your Python career the most ❓🐍
https://youtu.be/quVusFZ_iAs

What can you do to become a better Python developer
https://youtu.be/B7GwiFwN6T4

What computer should I buy to learn Python programming
https://youtu.be/n0NfObWYJ-Y

What other languagesplatforms besides Python should you learn
https://youtu.be/nkGnPbbIiHo

What Python skills are the most relevant in the industry today
https://youtu.be/1mH0m_7uawo

What's the future of Python on mobile platforms
https://youtu.be/bQS0MFDuFkI

Where can you find clients as a Python freelance developer
https://youtu.be/RVyNkTck2hk

Will Python survive the NodeJS  JavaScript hype
https://youtu.be/_DvjBg14Srk

📘🐍 Python Tricks The Book – Now Available On Amazon
https://youtu.be/qZyXh4FTFWk
Videos 301-325