
Episode #075 - Drag and Drop with Interact.js
https://youtu.be/fhnHA7PWq0g

Episode #076 - Javascript Select Form Fields with Chosen
https://youtu.be/KfJyHbZFyFg

Episode #077 - Cropping Images with JCrop
https://youtu.be/H1gBKPC_g3U

Episode #078 - Counter Caching Associations
https://youtu.be/YGMxkufS_Kk

Episode #079 - Mountable Engines
https://youtu.be/kuRJn2d2kog

Episode #080 - Routing Partials
https://youtu.be/E2x1AAErazI

Episode #081 - Bootstrap Framework and Ruby on Rails
https://youtu.be/aJ_dXX5SsXs

Episode #082 - DataTables
https://youtu.be/7BElkjyZGvo

Episode #083 - Autocomplete with HTML Results
https://youtu.be/27kBii2QC2E

Episode #084 - Geocoding, Places and Maps
https://youtu.be/4iAjdTrgAvs

Episode #085 - Working with Subdomains
https://youtu.be/ycQdODGU6yA

Episode #086 - Plotting Points on a Map from Scratch
https://youtu.be/LiwMLeHuT4k

Episode #087 - Virtual Columns in MySQL
https://youtu.be/uiI_tZyQDZo

Episode #088 - Virtual Columns with JSON Data Types
https://youtu.be/sDK5YMBpiy4

Episode #089 - Creating Custom Ruby on Rails Generators
https://youtu.be/3Y9fr3ndW8o

Episode #091 - Custom Error Pages with Slack Notification
https://youtu.be/HJC2SZOujd8

Episode #092 - Restricting Access by IP Address
https://youtu.be/NYg-OqZmfwo

Episode #093 - Recurring Events with ice_cube
https://youtu.be/U_ZctS3AtEg

Episode #094 - Recurring Events on FulCalendar
https://youtu.be/xs7zA-z2NzE

Episode #095 - ActiveRecord Migrations
https://youtu.be/BjvamO2KHA0

Episode #096 - Auditing with Paper Trail
https://youtu.be/DZWyyc8q9m8

Episode #097 - Single Table Inheritance
https://youtu.be/2fH_V91b0H4

Episode #098 - Polymorphic Associations
https://youtu.be/qF51M95YnaA

Episode #099 - Creating a Basic Ruby Gem
https://youtu.be/wYc9HYUAoCQ

Episode #90 - Benchmarking and Refactoring the content_for View Helper
https://youtu.be/9lWD9Q8StaY
Videos 251-275