
Adam Bien - Serverless HTML5 Apps With Angular 2, React, Polymer and Java EE Microservices
https://youtu.be/LNtaiZJD2I0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVocfvgBHFODziAQqaITmSFh

AMahdy AbdElAziz - Offline-first apps with WebComponents
https://youtu.be/hWUPqh3IFO8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVocfvgBHFODziAQqaITmSFh

Ana-Maria Mihălceanu - Twelve-factor cloud app in action
https://youtu.be/jPtCCr_pMh0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVocfvgBHFODziAQqaITmSFh

Andres Almiray - Java Libraries You Can’t Afford to Miss
https://youtu.be/QM-NmyF1JCE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVocfvgBHFODziAQqaITmSFh

Anibal Dos Santos - Traditional Banks applications and the digital evolution
https://youtu.be/FNHNr9LvsVo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVocfvgBHFODziAQqaITmSFh

Buşra Deniz Akin - Mobile Testing Challenges
https://youtu.be/wNpW26WYOV0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVocfvgBHFODziAQqaITmSFh

Dmitry Alexandrov - ThinkAsync in Java 8
https://youtu.be/m4et1XUhYS0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVocfvgBHFODziAQqaITmSFh

Edson Yanaga - Migrating to Microservice Databases From Relational Monolith to Distributed Data
https://youtu.be/UK5tULj_O64&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVocfvgBHFODziAQqaITmSFh

Heinz Kabutz - Turbo Charge CPU Utilization in Fork
https://youtu.be/VFfkQC-XHsk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVocfvgBHFODziAQqaITmSFh

HTML 5, Angular React, WebStandards, Serverless, Java EE, Distilleries--A Voxxed Bucharest Preview
https://youtu.be/OCXhn2WaZiQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVocfvgBHFODziAQqaITmSFh

Konstantin Gregor - A Big Data Streaming Recipe
https://youtu.be/60kTLG37m5c&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVocfvgBHFODziAQqaITmSFh

Mark Paluch - I have a stream Going reactive with Spring Data
https://youtu.be/1gK66smKbHc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVocfvgBHFODziAQqaITmSFh

Markus Winand - Modern SQL
https://youtu.be/_3KVYtUAEC0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVocfvgBHFODziAQqaITmSFh

Marton Kodok  - Powering Interactive Data Analysis with Google BigQuery
https://youtu.be/CYfjCc6zvA8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVocfvgBHFODziAQqaITmSFh

Michael Hackstein - Handling Billions Of Edges in a Graph Database
https://youtu.be/ntaiSHRvGgE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVocfvgBHFODziAQqaITmSFh

Michael Hüttermann - Visualizing Bintray operations
https://youtu.be/3jAQ4TInhNE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVocfvgBHFODziAQqaITmSFh

Michał Matłoka - Machine learning by example
https://youtu.be/uTqB2VyoA8I&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVocfvgBHFODziAQqaITmSFh

Nakul Mishra - Distributed Tracing – get a grasp on your production
https://youtu.be/eEp3wv-8-AA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVocfvgBHFODziAQqaITmSFh

Nicola Ferraro  - Extending DevOps to Big Data Applications with Kubernetes
https://youtu.be/tPsydjaPs0U&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVocfvgBHFODziAQqaITmSFh

Patroklos Papapetrou  - 10 things I learned after doing 2400 code reviews in 6 months
https://youtu.be/kx1haUujfEs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVocfvgBHFODziAQqaITmSFh

Rafał Leszko - Mutation Testing
https://youtu.be/sVqdog7S0sY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVocfvgBHFODziAQqaITmSFh

Virgil Palanciuc - Simplicity through design
https://youtu.be/Lqjfw8EbPc4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVocfvgBHFODziAQqaITmSFh

Vlad Mihalcea - High-Performance Hibernate
https://youtu.be/JTQi0avAOvI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVocfvgBHFODziAQqaITmSFh

Vladimir Dejanovic - Pain of growing up, and moving to large scale
https://youtu.be/Qp8Yj5ZAZek&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVocfvgBHFODziAQqaITmSFh

Voxxed Days Bucharest 2017 - How it feels
https://youtu.be/z9XsmQRmnlA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVocfvgBHFODziAQqaITmSFh
Videos 1-25