
Android and the Seven Dwarfs by Murat Yener
https://youtu.be/ut1umHfJ0cc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Beyond the CAP theorem, consistency without consensus with CRDTs by Sam Bessalah
https://youtu.be/d8GJMyIGhLw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Design Patterns in the Light of Lambda Expressions by Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/e4MT_OguDKg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Docker platform and ecosystem build, ship and run distributed applications by Patrick Chanezon
https://youtu.be/6DPBS4yNVpw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Frege, a Haskell for the JVM by Dierk König
https://youtu.be/1P1-HXNfFPc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Getting started with Spring Cloud by Josh Long
https://youtu.be/SFDYdslOvu8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Hinting around Android text demystified by Sebastiano PoggiEugenio Marletti
https://youtu.be/VS7co3TrgKE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

How to stop wasting your time and start performing useful code reviews by Maria Khalusova
https://youtu.be/VRnMzMpSeag&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Introduction to Modular Development by Mark ReinholdAlan Bateman
https://youtu.be/qr4O4SbzihQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

It started with a whiteboard in the kitchen by Saskia Vermeer - Ooms
https://youtu.be/SIb_3OLQaMQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Java & DevOps @Global Scale by Ryan McGuinness
https://youtu.be/QXlRrYeuEq8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

JSF with PrimeFaces, From Ugly Duckling to a Beautiful Swan by Cagatay Civici
https://youtu.be/B_lYGUtCd0g&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

JShell An Interactive Shell for the Java Platform by Robert Field
https://youtu.be/jziVaht480w&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Let's have fun with Pepper robot and Java by Nicolas RigaudJean-Philippe Chatain
https://youtu.be/LaTqWgfV4hk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Making Events for local dev Communities by Celestino BelloneFederico Yankelevich
https://youtu.be/-2efPor33hI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Open Source Workflows, Business Rules and Case Management live and in action by Bernd Rücker
https://youtu.be/x9ceAoZt8xw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Prepare for JDK 9! by Mark ReinholdAlan Bateman
https://youtu.be/KZfbRuvv5qc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Principles Of Microservices by Sam Newman
https://youtu.be/PFQnNFe27kU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Start using CSS Grid Layout by Rachel Andrew
https://youtu.be/Felq4z_rdPQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Swimming upstream in the container revolution by Bert Jan Schrijver
https://youtu.be/kE5rxGUFsXU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

The Borg is docking your system; testing is futile! Or is it by Alex SotoAslak Knutsen
https://youtu.be/n3h4LJwkKhM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

The Spring Framework Roadmap by Juergen Hoeller
https://youtu.be/xNUcR4DSDz0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

The UI Scripting Language Shootout by Michael Heinrichs
https://youtu.be/xA2D1X14bvg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

With BIG data comes BIG responsibility; The curious case of BOL.COM by Mark Nijenhuis
https://youtu.be/obywVgN3xIg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Young Pups New Collections APIs for Java 9 by Stuart Marks
https://youtu.be/OJrIMv4dAek&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb
Videos 76-100