
Alan Feder  Categorical Embeddings New Ways to Simplify Complex Data  RStudio
https://youtu.be/gZSTYE8ODbs&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQYDpZTtM3Z16sDEIRfN1Z_

Alex Cookson  The Power of Great Datasets  RStudio
https://youtu.be/NFQLupDQJk8&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQYDpZTtM3Z16sDEIRfN1Z_

Athanasia M. Mowinckel  Make a package - Make some friends  RStudio
https://youtu.be/fWi9_DOlWkU&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQYDpZTtM3Z16sDEIRfN1Z_

Carson Sievert  Custom theming in Shiny & R Markdown with bslib & thematic  RStudio
https://youtu.be/zAqoLCQ83Ns&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQYDpZTtM3Z16sDEIRfN1Z_

Chelsea Parlett-Pelleriti  Hands-on ways to remotely teach data science are invaluable  RStudio
https://youtu.be/qaU2jXW2xcE&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQYDpZTtM3Z16sDEIRfN1Z_

Colin Rundel  parsermd - parsing R Markdown for fun and profit  RStudio
https://youtu.be/J2JJMZR_HDk&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQYDpZTtM3Z16sDEIRfN1Z_

Danielle Oberdier  How Content Makes the Data Go 'Round  RStudio
https://youtu.be/psYq87xx9Js&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQYDpZTtM3Z16sDEIRfN1Z_

Danielle Smalls-Perkins & Dorris Scott  Reflections on creating the Mi-R community  RStudio
https://youtu.be/gjbUEGdL210&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQYDpZTtM3Z16sDEIRfN1Z_

Dean Marchiori  A retrospective on a year of commercial data science projects in R  RStudio
https://youtu.be/4T8gz9AmNOA&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQYDpZTtM3Z16sDEIRfN1Z_

Garrick Aden-Buie  xaringan Playground Using xaringan to learn web development  RStudio
https://youtu.be/XtUYXMLBthM&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQYDpZTtM3Z16sDEIRfN1Z_

John Helveston  Using formr to create R-powered surveys with individualized feedback  RStudio
https://youtu.be/_dW7QIjH3tc&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQYDpZTtM3Z16sDEIRfN1Z_

Lucy D'Agostino McGowan  Designing Randomized Studies using Shiny  RStudio
https://youtu.be/_-hY_YIrvzQ&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQYDpZTtM3Z16sDEIRfN1Z_

Marie Vendettuoli  Lessons learned developing a library of validated packages  RStudio
https://youtu.be/-6b_v0easXk&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQYDpZTtM3Z16sDEIRfN1Z_

Michael Chirico  Making .pot-ery with R Translations in R Packages  RStudio
https://youtu.be/N-7LdfAZBeA&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQYDpZTtM3Z16sDEIRfN1Z_

Nicholas Pylypiw  Racial Equity Dashboard Unpacking Systemic Inequity  RStudio
https://youtu.be/JFlQA2mCm1Q&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQYDpZTtM3Z16sDEIRfN1Z_

Pamela E. Pairo  An easy and friendly way to build your multilingual website  RStudio
https://youtu.be/dbJV3niLym8&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQYDpZTtM3Z16sDEIRfN1Z_

Richard Vogg  Examples of simulated datasets that bring value to a data-driven company  RStudio
https://youtu.be/_ahUlw0HzSc&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQYDpZTtM3Z16sDEIRfN1Z_

Simon Couch  tidymodelsstacks A Grammar for Stacked Ensemble Modeling  RStudio
https://youtu.be/E7uygsmx3-Y&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQYDpZTtM3Z16sDEIRfN1Z_

Wolfram King  Lifelong Learning with R Weekly  RStudio
https://youtu.be/Y_32M4AeKoo&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQYDpZTtM3Z16sDEIRfN1Z_

ZJ  Easy larger-than-RAM data manipulation with {disk.frame}  RStudio
https://youtu.be/EOjObl_GSi4&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oQYDpZTtM3Z16sDEIRfN1Z_
lightning talks - rstudioglobal(2021)