
Akka Persistence by Anargyros Kiourkos
https://youtu.be/SM9emBlpW5c&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSZUR0G2sUGD1VhJUQnWZU

Big Data at CERN by Daniel Lanza Garcia
https://youtu.be/PH9SiuW2_sU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSZUR0G2sUGD1VhJUQnWZU

Cloud Native Java by Josh Long
https://youtu.be/-Xn9T8pTbdo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSZUR0G2sUGD1VhJUQnWZU

Docker, Java and the LHC by Brice Copy
https://youtu.be/IF8hNzfNwkY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSZUR0G2sUGD1VhJUQnWZU

Forge, Arquillian, Swarm and Spring Boot by Simon Maple
https://youtu.be/-HOA_F3QVVE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSZUR0G2sUGD1VhJUQnWZU

From DOT to Dotty by Martin Odersky
https://youtu.be/iobC5yGRWoo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSZUR0G2sUGD1VhJUQnWZU

G o F Patterns by Mario Fusco
https://youtu.be/eDUXJuzcvcI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSZUR0G2sUGD1VhJUQnWZU

Interview Adam Bien at Voxxed Days CERN 2017
https://youtu.be/OrLm40U9Ptg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSZUR0G2sUGD1VhJUQnWZU

Interview Heinz Kabutz during Voxxed Days CERN 2017
https://youtu.be/ah_BKPFJtZw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSZUR0G2sUGD1VhJUQnWZU

Interview with Audrey Neveu at Voxxed Days CERN
https://youtu.be/UEes7HQCLtw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSZUR0G2sUGD1VhJUQnWZU

Interview with Hadi Hariri at Voxxed Days CERN
https://youtu.be/6MD5t1bkYJE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSZUR0G2sUGD1VhJUQnWZU

Interview with Juergen Hoeller and Josh Long at Voxxed Days CERN 2017
https://youtu.be/L61VkzdpiF4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSZUR0G2sUGD1VhJUQnWZU

Interview with Martin Odersky at Voxxed Days CERN 2017
https://youtu.be/K2RlXExVs0A&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSZUR0G2sUGD1VhJUQnWZU

Kotlin – Ready for production by Hadi Hariri
https://youtu.be/-3uiFhI18g8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSZUR0G2sUGD1VhJUQnWZU

Microservices on Java EE — As Cool As The LHC by Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/bBpF7YYHZnI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSZUR0G2sUGD1VhJUQnWZU

Reactive Programming in Java by Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/f3acAsSZPhU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSZUR0G2sUGD1VhJUQnWZU

Simulation of Transient Effects in Accelerator Magnets by Michał Maciejewski
https://youtu.be/vzgKKurxDGw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSZUR0G2sUGD1VhJUQnWZU

Spring Framework 5 Themes & Trends by Juergen Hoeller
https://youtu.be/z3vq64xSQTo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSZUR0G2sUGD1VhJUQnWZU

Streaming Pool by Andrea Calia
https://youtu.be/jePJme3g5XQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSZUR0G2sUGD1VhJUQnWZU

Tools & training for more secure software by Stefan Lüders
https://youtu.be/nnWX6G5tCZA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSZUR0G2sUGD1VhJUQnWZU

Turbo Charge CPU Utilization in ForkJoin Using the ManagedBlocker by Heinz Kabutz
https://youtu.be/rUDGQQ83ZtI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSZUR0G2sUGD1VhJUQnWZU

Voxxed Days CERN speakers and team visiting CMS
https://youtu.be/4PAmTz34_I8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSZUR0G2sUGD1VhJUQnWZU

Welcome at Voxxed Days CERN 2017
https://youtu.be/5MGsmnx4Gjg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSZUR0G2sUGD1VhJUQnWZU

When Java EE Micro Profile meets Angular by Antonio Goncalves
https://youtu.be/S1z50UbEdZw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSZUR0G2sUGD1VhJUQnWZU

Why and how to transform a REST API into a Data Streaming API Audrey Neveu
https://youtu.be/mIFZN0wIfvY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSZUR0G2sUGD1VhJUQnWZU
Videos 1-25