
Adhoc Live Stream - doing a bit of VR experimentation in Godot
https://youtu.be/a2__yxLHJas&list=PLe63S5Eft1KbjmftHZPF03qcbSY-PToFX

Adhoc livestream #2, testing audio and doing a bit more work on VR
https://youtu.be/e-QNb3rUDgY&list=PLe63S5Eft1KbjmftHZPF03qcbSY-PToFX

Adhoc livestream 3 - going to outer space
https://youtu.be/voPzbFhbEHw&list=PLe63S5Eft1KbjmftHZPF03qcbSY-PToFX

Dev stream 10 - Shield shader effects in our Godot VR space shooter
https://youtu.be/pS_ehe-2dME&list=PLe63S5Eft1KbjmftHZPF03qcbSY-PToFX

Dev stream 11 - Shield shader effects in our Godot VR space shooter
https://youtu.be/sXTUwn7TREE&list=PLe63S5Eft1KbjmftHZPF03qcbSY-PToFX

Dev stream 12 - Continuing with our Godot VR space shooter
https://youtu.be/hx0sj6-ExNo&list=PLe63S5Eft1KbjmftHZPF03qcbSY-PToFX

Dev stream 13 - Continuing with our Godot VR space shooter
https://youtu.be/rX1-E9G2ICI&list=PLe63S5Eft1KbjmftHZPF03qcbSY-PToFX

Dev stream 14 - Continuing with our Godot VR space shooter
https://youtu.be/QWAwHKFwH38&list=PLe63S5Eft1KbjmftHZPF03qcbSY-PToFX

Dev stream 15 - Working on my Godot VR Space game
https://youtu.be/xV-BA16x5Q4&list=PLe63S5Eft1KbjmftHZPF03qcbSY-PToFX

Dev stream 16 - Working on my Godot VR Space game
https://youtu.be/LtJCLWorenc&list=PLe63S5Eft1KbjmftHZPF03qcbSY-PToFX

Dev stream 17 - Working on my Godot VR Space game
https://youtu.be/zFVmMPe9Skc&list=PLe63S5Eft1KbjmftHZPF03qcbSY-PToFX

Dev stream 18 - Revisiting my racing car series
https://youtu.be/CsY1tR9ZpEM&list=PLe63S5Eft1KbjmftHZPF03qcbSY-PToFX

Dev stream 19 - Doing some work on XR tools
https://youtu.be/IPvjY3HHzwI&list=PLe63S5Eft1KbjmftHZPF03qcbSY-PToFX

Dev stream 2 - Building a VR space shooter in Godot
https://youtu.be/QtPXQplKrCs&list=PLe63S5Eft1KbjmftHZPF03qcbSY-PToFX

Dev stream 20 - Continuing in space
https://youtu.be/7-jRSUAeFzw&list=PLe63S5Eft1KbjmftHZPF03qcbSY-PToFX

Dev stream 3 - Building a VR space shooter in Godot
https://youtu.be/ryAfnhDRsUQ&list=PLe63S5Eft1KbjmftHZPF03qcbSY-PToFX

Dev stream 4 - Building a VR space shooter in Godot
https://youtu.be/RiV4vt4wwHs&list=PLe63S5Eft1KbjmftHZPF03qcbSY-PToFX

Dev stream 5 - Building a VR space shooter in Godot
https://youtu.be/fzpKx44xe2s&list=PLe63S5Eft1KbjmftHZPF03qcbSY-PToFX

Dev stream 6 - Building a VR space shooter in Godot
https://youtu.be/JFIlpRvq24Q&list=PLe63S5Eft1KbjmftHZPF03qcbSY-PToFX

Dev stream 7 - Building a VR space shooter in Godot
https://youtu.be/oxx4DUA3HgI&list=PLe63S5Eft1KbjmftHZPF03qcbSY-PToFX

Dev stream 8 - Building a VR space shooter in Godot
https://youtu.be/ZTVW7dlk8jM&list=PLe63S5Eft1KbjmftHZPF03qcbSY-PToFX

Dev stream 9 - Building a VR space shooter in Godot
https://youtu.be/9hsTMBhFkCY&list=PLe63S5Eft1KbjmftHZPF03qcbSY-PToFX

Doing a bit of rejigging on our VR weapons tutorial project
https://youtu.be/XKedM6HXcxA&list=PLe63S5Eft1KbjmftHZPF03qcbSY-PToFX

Godot VR Quest development - compiling the latest plugin.
https://youtu.be/QgSAtSf9otg&list=PLe63S5Eft1KbjmftHZPF03qcbSY-PToFX

Space sim update July 19th 2020
https://youtu.be/eAZuGjo52-0&list=PLe63S5Eft1KbjmftHZPF03qcbSY-PToFX
Videos 1-25