
Aaron Jorbin - Modernizing The WordPress Toolbox
https://youtu.be/8CyeaQzwn-A&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF_VdlTpUF6ViNgLC7Raph0i

Bastian Hoffmann - Bring your PHP application to the next level with React.JS
https://youtu.be/YYt9u4uUetU&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF_VdlTpUF6ViNgLC7Raph0i

Ben Waine - Application Logging & Logstash
https://youtu.be/9dni1D4QQOk&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF_VdlTpUF6ViNgLC7Raph0i

Beth Tucker Long - Be a Bold Coder
https://youtu.be/qkKpel77fI4&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF_VdlTpUF6ViNgLC7Raph0i

Billie Thompson - MVVM and Silex - It's the future
https://youtu.be/jL9nfIiX6G0&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF_VdlTpUF6ViNgLC7Raph0i

Christopher Hoult - Your API is a UI
https://youtu.be/OhVZBTm-vEk&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF_VdlTpUF6ViNgLC7Raph0i

Christopher Pecoraro - Building RESTful APIs with Laravel 5's Doc Block-based Controller Annotations
https://youtu.be/X3SxkS9iwhM&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF_VdlTpUF6ViNgLC7Raph0i

Ciaran McNulty - Why Your Test Suite Sucks
https://youtu.be/DlgadZLOK-M&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF_VdlTpUF6ViNgLC7Raph0i

Dan Miller - HHVM at Etsy Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger
https://youtu.be/75j1RRxxARI&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF_VdlTpUF6ViNgLC7Raph0i

Davey Shafik - Open Source, Love, and Social Responsibility
https://youtu.be/VS0kG3O9Ro0&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF_VdlTpUF6ViNgLC7Raph0i

Derick Rethans - Debugging past, present and future
https://youtu.be/6kA4ORD9ruA&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF_VdlTpUF6ViNgLC7Raph0i

Gary Hockin  - Understanding the OWASP Top 10
https://youtu.be/qMkiZ3Ehv5M&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF_VdlTpUF6ViNgLC7Raph0i

Javier Lopez - Continuously delivering PHP projects
https://youtu.be/HOwPJg-F4h0&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF_VdlTpUF6ViNgLC7Raph0i

Jenny Wong - Integrating Communities
https://youtu.be/KcVrdaPe80Y&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF_VdlTpUF6ViNgLC7Raph0i

Jordi Boggiano - Composer Best Practices
https://youtu.be/mNFKZeYRdto&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF_VdlTpUF6ViNgLC7Raph0i

Lorna Mitchell - What's new in PHP
https://youtu.be/MgkON_RR8ic&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF_VdlTpUF6ViNgLC7Raph0i

Marcello Duarte - Barely Enough Design
https://youtu.be/NQN72Big8ww&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF_VdlTpUF6ViNgLC7Raph0i

Nate Abele - The Future of Programming
https://youtu.be/tq7wKcwbUN8&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF_VdlTpUF6ViNgLC7Raph0i

Ricard Clau - Modern Software Architectures
https://youtu.be/qj4xZZYltI4&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF_VdlTpUF6ViNgLC7Raph0i

Rob Allen - Building an API with Apigility
https://youtu.be/D_mcntk4tXI&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF_VdlTpUF6ViNgLC7Raph0i

Sarah Khalil - Build RESTful APIs easily with Symfony
https://youtu.be/MPQrNuwdpMU&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF_VdlTpUF6ViNgLC7Raph0i

Stephan Hochd√∂rfer - The NoSQL Store everyone ignores PostgreSQL
https://youtu.be/os1-plBMaKU&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF_VdlTpUF6ViNgLC7Raph0i

Thijs Feryn - Reverse caching proxies Varnish or Nginx
https://youtu.be/KldPhbWqy2U&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF_VdlTpUF6ViNgLC7Raph0i

Yitzchock Willroth - Everything That I Really Needed to Know, I Learned in Rabbinical School
https://youtu.be/Fta49J9_rF4&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF_VdlTpUF6ViNgLC7Raph0i
Videos 1-25