
12 Ways of the Cloud Native Warrior.  Burr Sutter, Red Hat
https://youtu.be/o7M9P9WXi40&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq3tPa0jQjCtI1_xeLiPu-Z

Agile is a Dirty Word. James Birnie, Thoughtworks
https://youtu.be/9uMD12_U90g&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq3tPa0jQjCtI1_xeLiPu-Z

Bilding an effective identity and access management architecture with Keycloak
https://youtu.be/RupQWmYhrLA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq3tPa0jQjCtI1_xeLiPu-Z

Centralized Logging Patterns.  Philipp Krenn, Elastic
https://youtu.be/kNp61Lh_TpA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq3tPa0jQjCtI1_xeLiPu-Z

Continuous Delivery like you know no fear. Christian Uhl, Mathmatch gmbh
https://youtu.be/WtLqv8eC0kI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq3tPa0jQjCtI1_xeLiPu-Z

Contract Tests in the Enterprise.  Marcin Grzejszczak, Pivotal
https://youtu.be/yQjcDlibdWM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq3tPa0jQjCtI1_xeLiPu-Z

Design Patterns in the Light of Lambda Expressions. Venkat Subramaniam, Agile developer, inc.
https://youtu.be/WN9kgdSVhDo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq3tPa0jQjCtI1_xeLiPu-Z

Don't be a Homer Simpsonwith your Reactor! Sergei Egorov, Pivotal
https://youtu.be/OCGwPvVXw0o&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq3tPa0jQjCtI1_xeLiPu-Z

Going Web Native.  A.  Mahdy AbdelAziz, Vaadin
https://youtu.be/wPDIFt_ae3Y&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq3tPa0jQjCtI1_xeLiPu-Z

Hexagonal Architecture with Spring Boot  Mikalai Alimenkou, XP Injection
https://youtu.be/-Xso3jCY6w8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq3tPa0jQjCtI1_xeLiPu-Z

How to build Reactive Server under an hour Oleh Dokuka, Netifi, Inc
https://youtu.be/3m9RN4aDh08&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq3tPa0jQjCtI1_xeLiPu-Z

Jenkins X Continous Delivery for Kubernetes. Carlos Sanchez, Cloud Bees
https://youtu.be/wb2PK5uf5uI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq3tPa0jQjCtI1_xeLiPu-Z

Making it rain Truly Cloud Native JVM Applications. Justin Lee, Red Hat.
https://youtu.be/6eXZXISzVwU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq3tPa0jQjCtI1_xeLiPu-Z

Mixed Paradigms  The Method to Madness.  Venkat Subramaniam, Agile developer, Inc
https://youtu.be/QYBRifsWHD0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq3tPa0jQjCtI1_xeLiPu-Z

New opportunities for Java developers with GraalVM. Alina Yurenko, Oracle
https://youtu.be/FenOzLslj4c&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq3tPa0jQjCtI1_xeLiPu-Z

Reactive for the Impatient  - A Gentle Intro to Reactive Programming and Systems (Java Edition)
https://youtu.be/6CZvMLgz_kc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq3tPa0jQjCtI1_xeLiPu-Z

Reactive Spring.  Josh Long, Pivotal
https://youtu.be/Z5q-CXbvM1E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq3tPa0jQjCtI1_xeLiPu-Z

Ruling the universe with gRPC and coroutines. Marharyta Nedzelska, Wix
https://youtu.be/9f7GuZVZ9fo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq3tPa0jQjCtI1_xeLiPu-Z

Serialization protocols for distibutedsystems. Christian Uhl, Mathmatch gmbh
https://youtu.be/SMUwytr0q9U&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq3tPa0jQjCtI1_xeLiPu-Z

Supersonic, Subatomic Java with Quarkus.  Burr Sutter, Red Hat
https://youtu.be/iJBh2NoSCKM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq3tPa0jQjCtI1_xeLiPu-Z

Testing your messaging application. Jakub Pilimon, Marcin Grzejszchak, Pivotal
https://youtu.be/VgFofq8YDQw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq3tPa0jQjCtI1_xeLiPu-Z

The Good, the Bad and the Ugly of Java API design. Miro Cupak, Dnastack
https://youtu.be/bVNZMEvplY4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq3tPa0jQjCtI1_xeLiPu-Z

Twitter's quest for a wholly Graal runtime.  Chris Thalinger, Twitter
https://youtu.be/jsw2aNUspgI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq3tPa0jQjCtI1_xeLiPu-Z

Under the hood of Serverless platforms. Monika Nawrot, Marek Biskup, Google
https://youtu.be/VQB4Yfyffbs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq3tPa0jQjCtI1_xeLiPu-Z

Writing cleancode withmodern Java.  Miro Cupak, Dnastack
https://youtu.be/uEHJ5CHaF08&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq3tPa0jQjCtI1_xeLiPu-Z
Videos 1-25