
1up Indie  Games as a service - Good or pure evil
https://youtu.be/JwYmNfIP6uw

1up Indie  Industry Report - Next video game crash
https://youtu.be/-m-pLcHcwrg

Game Developer Tool - Particle Designer
https://youtu.be/8NRSxZDKOBM

How video games engines work for absolute beginners
https://youtu.be/P0og0XwSUj4

Time to shill #3
https://youtu.be/KwowPic2YW4

☝ Game Maker Studio 2  Epic - First shader - Desaturate
https://youtu.be/C0jKInZgcQw

🔴Game Maker Studio 2  Advanced - Drones
https://youtu.be/4HB-1aJM5_M

🔴Game Maker Studio 2  Advanced - Explosion range
https://youtu.be/m0ObS2YU68Q

🔴Game Maker Studio 2  Advanced - Healing drone
https://youtu.be/LtrsHdhhAvg

🔴Game Maker Studio 2  Advanced - Metroid style minimap part 2
https://youtu.be/pJXpBm7rVV4

🔴Game Maker Studio 2  Advanced - Npc speech bubble
https://youtu.be/XgiRRAwZCdY

🔴Game Maker Studio 2  Advanced - Spawner
https://youtu.be/IxZ0IZxyQPg

🔴Game Maker Studio 2  Basics - Animated tiles
https://youtu.be/xHrtQeUCGNY

🔴Game Maker Studio 2  Basics - Archery, without much hassle
https://youtu.be/aagmz6lz1pg

🔴Game Maker Studio 2  Basics - CollectiblesArray
https://youtu.be/m4TzXe-hXpk

🔴Game Maker Studio 2  Basics - Draw sprite
https://youtu.be/0voNEu-67QE

🔴Game Maker Studio 2  Basics - Drones
https://youtu.be/IWTXKwZj-Hg

🔴Game Maker Studio 2  Basics - Easiest saves with .ini
https://youtu.be/r6N_mAmpT7s

🔴Game Maker Studio 2  Basics - How shaders work
https://youtu.be/tKnO2kMWUOY

🔴Game Maker Studio 2  Basics - Lengthdir_x is your friend
https://youtu.be/pl7-sr6zeT8

🔴Game Maker Studio 2  Basics - Metroid style minimap part 1
https://youtu.be/suxFlzaYs-Y

🔴Game Maker Studio 2  Basics - Must know! Change level but keep stuff
https://youtu.be/ChzJZYU9lSk

🔴Game Maker Studio 2  Basics - Random vs seed
https://youtu.be/PfZKt7-o_Ac

🔴Game Maker Studio 2  Basics - Saves with .txt - all the way in
https://youtu.be/1RPs4tOy08Q

🔴Game Maker Studio 2  Basics - Timer vs Alarm
https://youtu.be/Qxv-g6nzdXU
Videos 326-350