
Bruce Gray - Refactoring and Readability
https://youtu.be/gxZg73nMoTc&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Casey Watts - A Neurobiologist's Guide to Effectiveness
https://youtu.be/nj3IoW_rboE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Chris Prather - Lessons Learned From Scouting's Premiere Leadership Course
https://youtu.be/2L7eHRVZygY&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

D. Ruth Holloway - Subtle Magic Moving to Dancer2DBIxClassTT
https://youtu.be/eVMVQn8_o_w&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Dan Wright - Welcome Address
https://youtu.be/ziI-XlI4JHs&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Dimitrios Kechagias - Speeding Up Perl Test Suites
https://youtu.be/5LY8o2Apa8E&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Doug Bell - A Website for Yancy
https://youtu.be/rAFn8AxCL1w&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Doug Bell - Organized Development With tmux
https://youtu.be/o7Dg1kmjhfQ&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Emily Shea - Perl Out Loud
https://youtu.be/Mz3JeYfBTcY&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

GIZMO - Dungeons and Dice Rolls and Open Source Tools
https://youtu.be/5KWzmU11B-w&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Graham Ollis - Testing Across The Language Barrier with FFIPlatypus
https://youtu.be/XgzBuGoxWvg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Jim Brandt - TPF Address
https://youtu.be/zNZTC8cI48U&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

John Anderson - Confessions of a Space Cadet
https://youtu.be/1voFAri6RG0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Jordan Adler - Maintaining Code Quality at Scale
https://youtu.be/AbnIv8AY0Gs&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Joshua Turcotte - Perl Activism Through Civic Hacking
https://youtu.be/m4Myq0OSQH8&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Kenta Kobayashi - Interfaces in Perl
https://youtu.be/K25OxILcbNE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Michael Gage - WeBWorK - A 23 year Perl success story
https://youtu.be/tlC4FIPuZwQ&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Mike Conrad - The Wide World of WebSockets
https://youtu.be/Cv9c6BMl4Ho&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Q & A With Larry Wall
https://youtu.be/Q_oM27VJ1mo&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Sawyer X - Perl 5 The Past, The Present, and One Possible Future
https://youtu.be/4wKyNYs7eZw&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Stephen Lembark - What I did on my vacation Re-buiding FindBin at last years TPC
https://youtu.be/22F7ku9UcoI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Sterling Hanenkamp - O(fun) in Perl 6
https://youtu.be/ax2svfR87VI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Todd Rinaldo - Mocking the Filesystem in Perl
https://youtu.be/fCQqreS9YKE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Uri Guttman - Perl Begat Perl
https://youtu.be/eMW1hCpP2Is&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Walt Mankowski - Adventures in Dunderland The Python Data Model for Perl Mongers
https://youtu.be/84DTUmW94K0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm
Videos 1-25