
A  Groszer mongopersist Persisting python objects transparently to MongoDB  beginning left)
https://youtu.be/-S7KS-1-wdc&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Alexys Jacob - Write a Fault Tolerant web service using gevent + uwsgi
https://youtu.be/AIYsV5scL7A&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Andrea Crotti - Emacs and shell as your best friends
https://youtu.be/0cZ7szFuz18&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

B.  Bryon - PEP 423 issues, best practices, tools about names
https://youtu.be/Cj37txHR988&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

C  Di Mauro x86x64 assembly + Python = new CPU architecture to rule the world)
https://youtu.be/S0tirdmJrZI&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Domen Ko≈æar  - Nixos Operating System Declarative Configuration Distribution
https://youtu.be/DtOBROowzDg&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

EuroPython 2013 - Reportage Teaser (Harlem Shake)
https://youtu.be/4jjcN9lQAxI&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

F  Frenguelli An Intro to Blender Modeling and Scripting part 2)
https://youtu.be/96WoCShO3i0&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Gabriel Nistor - Rest API Framework
https://youtu.be/RWFpMMfECeg&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

H  Schlawack Solid Python Application Deployments For Everybody   QUESTIONS
https://youtu.be/V5YcM-MV0hY&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Holger Krekel - P2PNSA Idea Gathering
https://youtu.be/DDaOBv8GQKk&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Holger Krekel-  P2P Open Trying Things
https://youtu.be/XgTt93qQ-Zk&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Introduction + V.  van Lindberg - The next 20 years of Python
https://youtu.be/MG2HACx_DfU&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

K  Lautaportti Introduction to Cassandra
https://youtu.be/SakyBg_UpA8&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

L.  Hastings - All Singing All Dancing Python Bytecode
https://youtu.be/0IzXcjHs-P8&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Lightnings Talks, 5th July
https://youtu.be/WyKhMggzDB8&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

M  Hrnjadovic Get up to speed with OpenStack! Part 1
https://youtu.be/EyS1oauXr_U&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

M  Hrnjadovic Get up to speed with OpenStack! Part 2
https://youtu.be/a2CnNKeRRXo&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

M  Hrnjadovic Get up to speed with OpenStack! Part 3
https://youtu.be/PV6-pgemKRA&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

M.  Di Pierro - Web2Py
https://youtu.be/LsLgZUGM3kg&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

P  Enfedaque Python objects essentials  Part 2
https://youtu.be/-2MC_3PlpGY&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

P  Enfedaque Python objects essentials  Part 3
https://youtu.be/LTXOP7ykwy8&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

R.  Bauer - Pymove 3D
https://youtu.be/7f-yVOEtPjM&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Radomir Dopieralski - Game Development Tools
https://youtu.be/tNfkslQnFjc&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Thomas Waldmann - PGPGPG Keysigning
https://youtu.be/jO0bKgdbb2M&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE
Videos 1-25