
3 Coding Tricks NO ONE Talks About.url
https://youtu.be/iIMNP9WBP68&list=PLp_L1ltSVItzh2-0a05Y5LA4nLrdzaddl

3 More Data Structures You Need to Know.url
https://youtu.be/2EQ9WswHJ6A&list=PLp_L1ltSVItzh2-0a05Y5LA4nLrdzaddl

5 Developer Tools You NEED to Use.url
https://youtu.be/OAH1nU-5K8o&list=PLp_L1ltSVItzh2-0a05Y5LA4nLrdzaddl

5 Questions to Ask in a Software Developer Job Interview.url
https://youtu.be/8E4cJVqxjtE&list=PLp_L1ltSVItzh2-0a05Y5LA4nLrdzaddl

6 Mistakes Beginner Programmers Make.url
https://youtu.be/cyCsLEVjzng&list=PLp_L1ltSVItzh2-0a05Y5LA4nLrdzaddl

A Day in the Life of a Software Engineer.url
https://youtu.be/eQBvBtJd6wE&list=PLp_L1ltSVItzh2-0a05Y5LA4nLrdzaddl

An Overview of Agile Development.url
https://youtu.be/QLvBK9stdoM&list=PLp_L1ltSVItzh2-0a05Y5LA4nLrdzaddl

How to ACTUALLY Get a Software Development Job.url
https://youtu.be/vkfGFTAMp28&list=PLp_L1ltSVItzh2-0a05Y5LA4nLrdzaddl

How to THINK like a Programmer.url
https://youtu.be/NNazO2tMHno&list=PLp_L1ltSVItzh2-0a05Y5LA4nLrdzaddl

Learn Code Faster with the Feynman Technique.url
https://youtu.be/vWNa15pjzi4&list=PLp_L1ltSVItzh2-0a05Y5LA4nLrdzaddl

Learn How To Read Code.url
https://youtu.be/KnuYHTIIt88&list=PLp_L1ltSVItzh2-0a05Y5LA4nLrdzaddl

My Coding Plan for 2021.url
https://youtu.be/FTcjl-qVMHA&list=PLp_L1ltSVItzh2-0a05Y5LA4nLrdzaddl

My Linux Ubuntu Setup for Software Development.url
https://youtu.be/bhopW92Qxw8&list=PLp_L1ltSVItzh2-0a05Y5LA4nLrdzaddl

My Regrets as a Software Engineer.url
https://youtu.be/eZW9PvMxX4U&list=PLp_L1ltSVItzh2-0a05Y5LA4nLrdzaddl

ONE TRICK that will make you CODE BETTER.url
https://youtu.be/Kh-MnBlSrTM&list=PLp_L1ltSVItzh2-0a05Y5LA4nLrdzaddl

The KEY to Improving as a Programmer.url
https://youtu.be/FEEv3r-Qpw0&list=PLp_L1ltSVItzh2-0a05Y5LA4nLrdzaddl

The Most Common Mistakes of New Software Engineers.url
https://youtu.be/9kGYSBk-JaU&list=PLp_L1ltSVItzh2-0a05Y5LA4nLrdzaddl

The Python Open Source Computer Science Degree.url
https://youtu.be/SkTEgF873h0&list=PLp_L1ltSVItzh2-0a05Y5LA4nLrdzaddl

The Software Developer Mentality.url
https://youtu.be/0rE1_G9FtzU&list=PLp_L1ltSVItzh2-0a05Y5LA4nLrdzaddl

The Story of Getting My First Software Engineering Job.url
https://youtu.be/9MDzKsN8NTo&list=PLp_L1ltSVItzh2-0a05Y5LA4nLrdzaddl

They Surveyed 90,000 Developers!!.url
https://youtu.be/t6e6U50FIcQ&list=PLp_L1ltSVItzh2-0a05Y5LA4nLrdzaddl

Timeboxing for Programmers.url
https://youtu.be/aQuokTvaJEY&list=PLp_L1ltSVItzh2-0a05Y5LA4nLrdzaddl

Ways to Make Money as a Developer.url
https://youtu.be/18skg9IHB18&list=PLp_L1ltSVItzh2-0a05Y5LA4nLrdzaddl

What are Unit Tests (Coding Examples).url
https://youtu.be/JTPzcF6LZMc&list=PLp_L1ltSVItzh2-0a05Y5LA4nLrdzaddl

What's in My Software Developer Bag.url
https://youtu.be/a0AB1un-wxE&list=PLp_L1ltSVItzh2-0a05Y5LA4nLrdzaddl
Videos 1-25