
A. Skrobov - How CPython parser works, and how to make it work better
https://youtu.be/qq6eHivQOjI&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Alessandro Amici - Fast Python! Coding competitions with CPython and PyPy
https://youtu.be/857c3LE4eH4&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Alexander Hendorf - Neat Analytics with Pandas Indexes
https://youtu.be/WjEVJ4x2SXE&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Alisa Dammer - Baby steps in short-text classification with python
https://youtu.be/5ExfLYdYzQE&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Andrey Syschikov - A journey into Git internals with Python
https://youtu.be/bZ4WbPnNPCs&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Anjana Vakil - Mary had a little lambda
https://youtu.be/7BsfMMYvGaU&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Antonio Cuni - The joy of PyPy JIT abstractions for free
https://youtu.be/NQfpHQII2cU&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Dmitry Trofimov - PyCharm tips and tricks
https://youtu.be/SVxuUGjB8YU&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Emma Gordon - Writing code Pfft... Evolve it instead!
https://youtu.be/-DcZvwbq27s&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Florian Wilhelm - Declarative Thinking and Programming
https://youtu.be/3QtAlB3NZII&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Jean-Sébastien Bevilacqua - Call a C API from Python becomes more enjoyable with CFFI
https://youtu.be/AHHlohyHh2w&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Katharine Jarmul - If Ethics is not None
https://youtu.be/FtRbAePXUoI&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Kristi Progri, Jona Azizaj - How to build up a Python community and empower women
https://youtu.be/x08ehgfbp34&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Marc Garcia - A Gentle Introduction to Data Science
https://youtu.be/jufpfjjpgUU&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Marc-Andre Lemburg - Automatic Conference Scheduling with PuLP
https://youtu.be/y3hKSB-qYME&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Marc-Andre Lemburg - EPS General Assembly 2017
https://youtu.be/la3Py9Dh5XY&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Marc-Andre Lemburg - EuroPython 2018 Help us build the next edition!
https://youtu.be/Adz7MKT6ink&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Max Tepkeev - How to make money with your Python Open-Source Project
https://youtu.be/4V5ph6Hz9HQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Mihai Iachimovschi - Teach your (micro)services speak Protocol Buffers with gRPC.
https://youtu.be/JO0U8QbzSw8&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Paolo Melchiorre - Full-Text Search in Django with PostgreSQL
https://youtu.be/ufhK14CJpjM&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Paul Ross - A faster Python You Have These Choices
https://youtu.be/5js_-pLGqwA&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Reimar Bauer - MSS - Software for planning research aircraft missions
https://youtu.be/G3h21DdDTjQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Romain Dorgueil - Simple ETL in python 3.5+ with Bonobo
https://youtu.be/rEP-4Di3d-A&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Tim Großmann - Automating Instagram with Python and Selenium
https://youtu.be/bGJ41J5b_90&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Ville Säävuori - Pythonic JavaScript for Web Developers
https://youtu.be/ecD0U06iVTs&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh
Videos 76-100