
Little Town - Session 06 - 01 Adding Gameplay Loop
https://youtu.be/s9xEuh3oBpo&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5I4kxB0z9eAahCTAQ1uD0JZ

Little Town - Session 06 - 02 Changing What The NPCs Say
https://youtu.be/4PrT3XRuFog&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5I4kxB0z9eAahCTAQ1uD0JZ

Little Town - Session 06 - 03 Checking Items
https://youtu.be/wzbjofwW7so&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5I4kxB0z9eAahCTAQ1uD0JZ

Little Town - Session 06 - 04 Playing a Sequence
https://youtu.be/vST0uy1UImE&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5I4kxB0z9eAahCTAQ1uD0JZ

Little Town - Session 06 - 05 Textbox Sequences
https://youtu.be/38Qw6u8H4-o&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5I4kxB0z9eAahCTAQ1uD0JZ

Little Town - Session 06 - 06 Aligning Sequence Emitters
https://youtu.be/J78bvexfe-Y&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5I4kxB0z9eAahCTAQ1uD0JZ

Little Town - Session 06 - 07 Removing Correct Objects
https://youtu.be/X-_DaXUo4yQ&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5I4kxB0z9eAahCTAQ1uD0JZ

Little Town - Session 06 - 08 Setting Up NPC States
https://youtu.be/RhTb3_8YyfQ&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5I4kxB0z9eAahCTAQ1uD0JZ

Little Town - Session 06 - 09 Marking an NPC as Done
https://youtu.be/-xSu9j3gYQU&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5I4kxB0z9eAahCTAQ1uD0JZ

Little Town - Session 06 - 10 Switching Our NPC States
https://youtu.be/ca3fKATneEE&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5I4kxB0z9eAahCTAQ1uD0JZ

Little Town - Session 06 - 11 Setting The NPC Done Sprites
https://youtu.be/cTtJg4zJ878&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5I4kxB0z9eAahCTAQ1uD0JZ

Little Town - Session 06 - 12 Changing Interaction
https://youtu.be/86PHxWItmZQ&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5I4kxB0z9eAahCTAQ1uD0JZ

Little Town - Session 06 - 13 Removing The S Key Test Event
https://youtu.be/TUoNYfYK_qU&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5I4kxB0z9eAahCTAQ1uD0JZ

Little Town - Session 06 - 14 Designing Game Over
https://youtu.be/CAMLIXLnoqY&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5I4kxB0z9eAahCTAQ1uD0JZ

Little Town - Session 06 - 15 Setting Up Game Over
https://youtu.be/REZsQ-LN50s&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5I4kxB0z9eAahCTAQ1uD0JZ

Little Town - Session 06 - 16 Function Play Sequences
https://youtu.be/fnR-YiStlXU&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5I4kxB0z9eAahCTAQ1uD0JZ

Little Town - Session 06 - 17 Playing Game Over
https://youtu.be/QjmA9FXXd8E&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5I4kxB0z9eAahCTAQ1uD0JZ

Little Town - Session 06 - 18 Using Moments to Call Functions
https://youtu.be/_LlUlxBWBfg&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5I4kxB0z9eAahCTAQ1uD0JZ

Little Town - Session 06 - 19 Creating a Title Screen
https://youtu.be/TLu0a7iqEcI&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5I4kxB0z9eAahCTAQ1uD0JZ

Little Town - Session 06 - 20 Setting The Room Order
https://youtu.be/qrbpUBn_u4E&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5I4kxB0z9eAahCTAQ1uD0JZ

Little Town - Session 06 - 21 Making a Title Logo
https://youtu.be/vYuzPN7xmAw&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5I4kxB0z9eAahCTAQ1uD0JZ

Little Town - Session 06 - 22 Creating a Prompt Sequence
https://youtu.be/BHqTuBM9JYc&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5I4kxB0z9eAahCTAQ1uD0JZ

Little Town - Session 06 - 23 Adding Control to The Title Screen
https://youtu.be/z0YSxsZ07to&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5I4kxB0z9eAahCTAQ1uD0JZ

Little Town - Session 06 - 24 End of Session 06
https://youtu.be/_u56esgghbA&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5I4kxB0z9eAahCTAQ1uD0JZ
Little Town - Session 06