
47th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/BR75V6JUEAA

48th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/bfjUvAO1P4Q

49th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/pnAX6TH1-zY

50th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/ByaR0eyM87g

51st airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/xwI737ELkBk

52nd airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/RCTw1THyKSU

53rd airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/tVQ3_m4GdC8

54th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/ydHJPKDgbYw

55th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/3YgcgA3ETVA

56th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/AweMQE-Po9U

57th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/kaZwT3IdGZk

58th airhacks.tv Questions and Answers
https://youtu.be/qWU9PYRiNf4

Building Polymer 3 App With Java EE 8 Backend
https://youtu.be/bknGPEwCTso

Combining Serverless Functions with CDI
https://youtu.be/KzdD5AmQGmk

FN Functions with JSON-P Parameters
https://youtu.be/I0l3XaORmKU

From Zero to Hello -- Apache TomEE 7.0.4 plume
https://youtu.be/0lKksfvIcpQ

From Zero to Hello -- openliberty
https://youtu.be/J7x9YlzMxj4

From Zero to Hello -- Payara Server 5.182 Full Distribution
https://youtu.be/aw-cNxKJU_Y

From Zero to Hello -- WildFly Full 13.0.0.Final
https://youtu.be/oAP6HpHr-d0

Implementing a Router With Hashchange Event
https://youtu.be/1g1fICJR8YQ

Increasing Code Coverage Metrics--without testing trivial methods -)
https://youtu.be/B88kyMJAO6M

Lightning fast builds and deployments with ThinWARs
https://youtu.be/_c8ZkSSpdWI

Live-Coding No-Ceremony Microservices
https://youtu.be/qQtF-Ks0c5U

Loading JS Scripts On Demand and Asynchronously
https://youtu.be/sTvZOLpAE60

Using a Grid as Web Component with Java EE 8 Backend
https://youtu.be/txPrx14H_6w
Videos 151-175