
A little-told tale of sex and sensuality  Shereen El Feki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x95nwilkaio&list=

Alice Dreger Is anatomy destiny
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59-Rn1_kWAA&list=

Anne-Marie Slaughter Can we all have it all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tH5iEf9oxaI&list=

Color blind or color brave  Mellody Hobson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKtALHe3Y9Q&list=

Does money make you mean  Paul Piff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJ8Kq1wucsk&list=

Elizabeth Pisani Sex, drugs and HIV -- let's get rational
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LoXAAEy6YQU&list=

Eman Mohammed The courage to tell a hidden story
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Eobo04R7-Y&list=

Francis de los Reyes Sanitation is a basic human right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdZJ0SMbh10&list=

How to start a movement  Derek Sivers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V74AxCqOTvg&list=

iO Tillett Wright Fifty shades of gay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VAJ-5J21Rd0&list=

Ismael Nazario What I learned as a kid in jail
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oGlsUYGMYks&list=

Jimmy Carter Why I believe the mistreatment of women is the number one human rights abuse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfW3aZCFfLA&list=

Jok Church A circle of caring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vygS-FKXms4&list=

Jon Gosier The problem with trickle-down techonomics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POTosC2q6Hs&list=

Karen Armstrong Let's revive the Golden Rule
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhHJ4DRZNZM&list=

Love, no matter what  Andrew Solomon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9EVEmZ2c_es&list=

LZ Granderson The myth of the gay agenda
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CstD6O95L-o&list=

Martine Rothblatt My daughter, my wife, our robot, and the quest for immortality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTJpJlVkRTA&list=

Meera Vijayann Find your voice against gender violence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sLo97Bu8Fo0&list=

Noy Thrupkaew Human trafficking is all around you. This is how it works
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIGBBPspTKM&list=

Teddy Cruz How architectural innovations migrate across borders
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aG-ZeDqG8Zk&list=

The strange politics of disgust  David Pizarro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5YL3LT1ZvOM&list=

To This Day ... for the bullied and beautiful  Shane Koyczan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sa1iS1MqUy4&list=

What Islam really says about women  Alaa Murabit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FETryXMpDl8&list=

Why I must come out  Geena Rocero
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCZCok_u37w&list=

Yoruba Richen What the gay rights movement learned from the civil rights movement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZj5n8ScTkI&list=
Equality of all kinds