
Alexys Jacob - Create beautiful and localized documentations and websites using MkDocs + Github
https://youtu.be/0pYN6Z-t1-s&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Anastasiia Tymoshchuk - Continuous Documentation for your code
https://youtu.be/S9U2gfk88Hg&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Antonis Christofides - Why you always had trouble understanding metaclasses
https://youtu.be/A2dOFAXLb1E&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Ben Nuttall - Innovation in the newsroom
https://youtu.be/JfrqKOO0Yoc&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Chiin-Rui Tan, Sara Nunnington - How Scientific Computing is advancing the world of Football
https://youtu.be/m1iYz1XYuQ8&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Christian Burger - Why You Should Consider Getting a Python Pet Project
https://youtu.be/Jot0d7DNS7Y&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Dhanshree Arora - Federated Machine Learning with Python
https://youtu.be/fkLgRhcyPSU&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Europython 2021 - Opening Session Conference
https://youtu.be/3GvWh3XlJ-0&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Haki Benita - Taming Nondeterminism with Dependency Injection
https://youtu.be/UC9p9UBwQMU&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Irina Grechikhina - Sentry as a way not to be afraid
https://youtu.be/N8oPve29Gjk&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Joel Christiansen - Managing transient dependencies
https://youtu.be/Tln0fgb8Rno&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Kracekumar  - Type Check your Django app
https://youtu.be/LbaiQPPjZMY&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Marcin Wojnarski - Hypertag an Indented Language for easy HTML Generation & Web Templating
https://youtu.be/KJIWIEEHcxA&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Markus Holtermann - An Introduction to Kubernetes
https://youtu.be/ifZ7b7X54S4&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Mauro Pelucchi - Data Ingestion and Big Data
https://youtu.be/r0zMHwgLLS0&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Miroslav Šedivý - Should We Return to Python 2
https://youtu.be/bV_v81v7MMM&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Pablo Galindo Salgado - Nobody expects the Spanish inquisition
https://youtu.be/DLn9J93--BY&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Paula Dozsa - Creative Coding with imagiLabs
https://youtu.be/ZmNA_iO9fRs&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Sebastiaan Zeeff - Introducing Asynchronous SQLAlchemy
https://youtu.be/1Ruy2b8yyBQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Sebastian Buczyński - Refactoring legacy Django app using OOP
https://youtu.be/hI4R1qY4pIk&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Sebastian Witowski - Python Versions and Dependencies Made Easy
https://youtu.be/yfHOlS4rqdY&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Stefan Behnel, David Woods - Fast native data structures CC++ from Python
https://youtu.be/NCD4DnvBvMM&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Sylvain Marié - Powerful tests and reproducible benchmarks with `pytest-cases`
https://youtu.be/QTyfr2UNR98&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Tobie Langel - Towards a sustainable solution to open source sustainability
https://youtu.be/Cv0UAsfqru0&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq

Xavier Thompson - Extending Cython with GIL-free types
https://youtu.be/Lb6q1hhBp-k&list=PL8uoeex94UhFuRtXhkqOrROsdNI6ejuiq
Videos 1-25