
5 Design Tips for Better Backgrounds (iOS, Xcode 8).url
https://youtu.be/iu9cam3XYiE

Animating Popups - Zelda App (iOS, Xcode 8, Swift 3).url
https://youtu.be/al9HLGk27Co

Big Mountain Studio Intro.url
https://youtu.be/nV_e1CU9txs

Closures - Zelda App (iOS, Xcode 8, Swift 3).url
https://youtu.be/HdrIjoTcPEM

Customizing UIPickerView (iOS, Xcode 8, Swift 3).url
https://youtu.be/6Qd3CdWYeJ8

How to Make Animations Bounce (Spring Animations) (iOS, Xcode 8, Swift 3).url
https://youtu.be/5bYLBFf8Lk8

Introduction to iOS Threading - Zelda App (Xcode 8, Swift 3).url
https://youtu.be/sOnvsZwNsp0

Introduction to Transition Animations (iOS, Xcode 8, Swift 3).url
https://youtu.be/Psp0pzbwAWY

iOS Tinder-Like Swipe - Part 1- UIPanGestureRecognizer (Xcode 8, Swift 3).url
https://youtu.be/0fXR-Ksuqo4

iOS Tinder-Like Swipe - Part 2 - Fading image in and out (Xcode 8, Swift 3).url
https://youtu.be/5hXPnipCDBQ

iOS Tinder-Like Swipe - Part 3 - Animating card off screen (Xcode 8, Swift 3).url
https://youtu.be/sBnqFLJqn9M

iOS Tinder-Like Swipe - Part 4 - Rotating the Card (Xcode 8, Swift 3).url
https://youtu.be/F5Rh4kDongo

iOS Tinder-Like Swipe - Part 5 - Scaling the Card (Xcode 8, Swift 3).url
https://youtu.be/BHXk-W8mv4o

Modal Popups using the Scene Dock - Zelda App (iOS, Xcode 8, Swift 3).url
https://youtu.be/WnlPZbSnlLI

Storyboard Tips - Autoresizing Controls (iOS, Xcode 8, Swift 3).url
https://youtu.be/pI-yolo9NrM

Storyboard Tips - Bulk Changes on Storyboard (iOS, Xcode 8).url
https://youtu.be/g437qSFvix8

Storyboard Tips - Duplicating Objects (iOS, Xcode 8).url
https://youtu.be/N-NIsjY87Qs

Storyboard Tips - Easily Work With Layers Of Controls (iOS, Xcode 8).url
https://youtu.be/orZ8QCfvJts

Storyboard Tips - Naming UI Elements (iOS, Xcode 8).url
https://youtu.be/IdLHf26NoH0

Storyboard Tips - Orphaned Outlets and Actions (iOS, Xcode 8).url
https://youtu.be/jxd_yqbh2iw

Storyboard Tips - Selecting Under Mouse With Control + Shift (iOS, Xcode 8).url
https://youtu.be/igWtFx8D3sA

Storyboard Tips - Sizing Stack Views (iOS, Xcode 8).url
https://youtu.be/lD1rtV8zxbE

Storyboard Tips - Updating Constraints (iOS, Xcode 8).url
https://youtu.be/dW4GVxEfq0o

Storyboard Tips - Use Command Equals to Resize to Fit (iOS, Xcode 8).url
https://youtu.be/9UaSCcdUWxg

Transparent TableView - Zelda App (iOS, Xcode 8, Swift 3).url
https://youtu.be/LZaDgr2jjoQ
Videos 176-200