
Alessandro Amici - Test-driven code search and reuse coming to Python with pytest-nodev
https://youtu.be/M33s1Mb5bjo&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Alexandre Savio - Nipy on functional brain MRI
https://youtu.be/6WpK6YILjxA&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Armin Rigo - CFFI calling C from Python
https://youtu.be/ejUzVcvTLgI&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Bargava Subramanian - Machine Learning Power of Ensembles
https://youtu.be/4EPun0eAgLc&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Björn Meier - NetworkX Visualization Powered by Bokeh
https://youtu.be/vlpeQJqzOfA&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Fabio PligerMarc-André Lemburg - EuroPython 2016 Closing Session
https://youtu.be/ScqJEuZK8_c&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Gaël Varoquaux - Scientist meets web dev how Python became the language of data
https://youtu.be/ntuOIzxCshM&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Geoff French - An Introduction to Deep Learning
https://youtu.be/72IZ0b1e3P0&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Honza Král - Log all the things!
https://youtu.be/4_xRFTDxPIg&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Joaquin Berenguer - Server for IoT devices and Mobile devices using Wifi Network,
https://youtu.be/XIFJttWrz6k&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Michał Bultrowicz - TDD of Python microservices
https://youtu.be/d-ka10jngQQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Michele Simionato - How to migrate from PostgreSQL to HDF5 and live happily ever after
https://youtu.be/uYKofUe0TnM&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Olga Lyashevska - How can machine learning help to predict changes in size of Atlantic herring 
https://youtu.be/iGMef0eRrdM&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Patrick Mühlbauer - Split Up! Fighting the Monolith
https://youtu.be/oCb7ji8IzPc&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Ralph Heinkel - The value of mindfulness and how it has arrived at Google
https://youtu.be/8TAJ9ytl9qE&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Ryan Lahfa - Free your papers, researchers!
https://youtu.be/wtUIvPSIfiE&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Sophia Davis - Peeking into Python’s C API
https://youtu.be/hhU8LOgy-QQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Takuro Wada - 3D Modeling and Printing by Python
https://youtu.be/RqOpw3YNKpc&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Tariq Rashid - A Gentle Introduction to Neural Networks (with Python)
https://youtu.be/b7oYqAlX_Bo&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm

Various speakers - Lightning Talks
https://youtu.be/99hirARuiyY&list=PL8uoeex94UhE3FDvjacSlHFffoNEoPzzm
Videos 151-170