
5 Things to Like About the Zhiyun Crane 2S - First Look!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clf1j_-bYow&pp=sAQA

Affordable Anamorphic! Sirui 35mm f1.8 Hands-on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kDDspKbMCyY&pp=sAQA

All New Super Bokeh Bros!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B0ZA5XYsDDQ&pp=sAQA

Best 4K 60P Full Frame Camera for the Money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bp-GXANRGM&pp=sAQA

Best Value New Leica SL2-S  Best Fast 35mm Lens for Sony
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SpBYwJuk2Ks&pp=sAQA

Canon C70 Hands-on - Ooooooooooooh YES!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDGPZyUxng8&pp=sAQA

Canon EOS R5 - WTF is Wrong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fws66Wb6WUc&pp=sAQA

Canon RF 50mm f1.2L vs EF 50mm f1.2L - Can the RF be the new L legend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qw7bmk8Xb44&pp=sAQA

Crazy Camera Strap That Turns Into a Tripod!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0eSsSiN9nA&pp=sAQA

Deity D4 Duo Mic - Prize Giveaway!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTgmCFhr8eM&pp=sAQA

DJI Air 2S Hands-on Field Test in a Field + Crashing a DJI FPV!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_vboHcpL_Q&pp=sAQA

DJI FPV Unboxed - 4K 60P  0-100 in 3.5s!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dd72sGs0J_c&pp=sAQA

DJI Mavic Mini vs Mavic Air 2 vs Mavic 2 Pro vs Phantom 4 Pro v. 2 - Which One Should You Buy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QMLo78b1sII&pp=sAQA

DJI Osmo Mobile 4 - Great Gimbal Goodness for your Phone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6p6cK1_DO8&pp=sAQA

DJI Pocket 2 - 64MP Pocket Stabilised Cam....really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9qeUOS5_70&pp=sAQA

DJI RS2 & RSC2 - Killer New Gimbals. What is New
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hf4SXnLbWMM&pp=sAQA

Fujifilm X-E4 Hands-on Impressions WIN THIS CAMERA!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PDyrdDIPG7E&pp=sAQA

Fujifilm X-S10 - Hands-on Quick First Look Field Test in a Field Test Look
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UctXhZlrm64&pp=sAQA

Hasselblad 907X - My GRAIL Camera is this $6K Medium Format Beast!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BwlmDYrUufE&pp=sAQA

Improving Each Other's YouTube Thumbnails Quickly & Easily with Luminar AI!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5b3dZWTURyM&pp=sAQA

Incredible LED Light has Crazy Effects and High Speed Sync Flash! (Rotolight Titan X1)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3vKvy5724nQ&pp=sAQA

Insta 360 One R - Ultimate Action Camera Image Quality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OVhhiyCSAyY&pp=sAQA

iPhone 12 Pro Max - Not The Compact Killer I'd Hoped For
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9PDIOcJSQfA&pp=sAQA

Laowa 15mm f4.5 Zero Distortion + Shift!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqhnGhnILc4&pp=sAQA

Leica M10-R Hands-on  Affordable Photo Editing Controller Unboxing  Mish Mash
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y0bj4nhIXVU&pp=sAQA

M-Mount Full Frame Cine Camera! First Look Hands-on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wu-5pTL27GU&pp=sAQA

Mistakes Photographers Make When Taking Low Light Photos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ZPuAAvKZqk&pp=sAQA

My Home VideoDesk Setup Tour! Everything I need in a Simple Setup.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZT1aZVsdmk&pp=sAQA

New Direction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xciZa0JeWNE&pp=sAQA

Nikon Z6 II and Z7 II - Harder Better Faster Stronger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArTBCUjt1hU&pp=sAQA

Nikon Zfc First Look - Mirrorless Camera with Awesome FM Film Camera Styling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v52KS-T8gMg&pp=sAQA

Old School Photography - 100 Things You Must Know to Take Fantastic Film Photos BOOK #AD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZDCbZeZU4jM&pp=sAQA

Panasonic G100 - What You Need to Know About This Tiny Vlogging Camera
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ocqKYNohXQ&pp=sAQA

Panasonic GH6! Oh, and the GH5 II Preview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tIZdKZk5KG4&pp=sAQA

Panasonic S5 - Nailed It (sort of)! $2K Full Frame Mirrorless with 4K 60P!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjU483Zm2mc&pp=sAQA

Panasonic's Quirky Cube Camera - Best Micro Four Thirds Will Get! BGH-1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eUwl4yvcdvo&pp=sAQA

Pentax K3 III - DSLRs Aren't Dead Yet! (First Impressions)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pU_mHIu9kJc&pp=sAQA

Reasons to get a Wireless Transmitter (Accsoon CineEye 2Pro)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-ZBUSLjDEI&pp=sAQA

Sirui 24mm f2.8 Anamorphic - Close Focusing and Anamorphic Flaring!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRwURs-yU0E&pp=sAQA

Sirui 75mm f1.8 Anamorphic - Hands-on First Look!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XC6QRufwyQ&pp=sAQA

Sony 12-24mm f2.8 GM - FASTEST ULTRA WIDE ZOOM AROUND!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTObzDJmykc&pp=sAQA

Sony 14mm f1.8 GM - Absolutely Killing it With Their Lens Designs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFtDN_74KWk&pp=sAQA

Sony 50mm f1.2 GM - The E-Mount Bokeh Master!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diAk2WZ4y5A&pp=sAQA

Sony A7C - Well, I wasn't expecting THAT to Happen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cOFDmEmq8rc&pp=sAQA

Sony a7S III Hands-on Review - What a HUGE Surprise This is...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQ2GK3riMg8&pp=sAQA

Sony Alpha 1 Hands-on First Look at the $6,500, 50MP, 8K Beast!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JFLAI0tbTuc&pp=sAQA

Sony Compact Trio of Lenses - Nearly Perfect (24mm f2.8G, 40mm f2.5G, 50mm f2.5G)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZB_W0BLDwyc&pp=sAQA

Sony FX3 Exactly NOT What You Expected it to be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cjpvqe3J9M&pp=sAQA

Sony FX6 - Coolest 4K Full Frame Cine Camera for the $
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOP1UJSVy-g&pp=sAQA

Sony Xperia 1 III - Super-Specced Photo Phone (But Why Those Lenses!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fywi8WwinTo&pp=sAQA

Sony Xperia PRO - A Bold Statement in the Art of Sony-ism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOtf1nlE8Y8&pp=sAQA

Sony ZV-E10 Hands-on Review - Lower PriceBigger Sensor Vlogging Cam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7NqoYmZW-Q&pp=sAQA

Stronger Together
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46EQebNoBxY&pp=sAQA

The $6,500 Sony Alpha 1 - Who's It Made For
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCl5MlvQ8kY&pp=sAQA

The Only Filter You'll Ever Need - RevoRing Vari ND + CPL with a BIG difference!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vJIrIyokjI&pp=sAQA

What's in my Mini Camera Bag  3 Cameras  DJI Mini 2 - Prize Giveaway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyHyN6tXrtk&pp=sAQA

Why Raw Video is What You Need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=022IVy7NVVE&pp=sAQA

World's First Interchangeable Lens 24K Gold Gimbal Vlogging 4K Cam! SBB Ep.11
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CKCG0zUNjeY&pp=sAQA

Xperia 1 II - Could be The Perfect Phone for Photographers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnmxXA3-No4&pp=sAQA

Zhiyun Smooth Q3 - Lightweight Phone Gimbal with a Built-in Light!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CbRN3GjbSM&pp=sAQA
Kai W