
A MicroAutoBox Workflow
https://youtu.be/cQrQIPwrWak&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rkM6q6NxZdew0DfqK3WnX9

Basics of Code Generation
https://youtu.be/nh5fVNG2xjk&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rkM6q6NxZdew0DfqK3WnX9

Battery Modeling with Simulink
https://youtu.be/OFWCFefmvnM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rkM6q6NxZdew0DfqK3WnX9

CAN Communication with Your ECUs and the Vehicle Network Toolbox
https://youtu.be/JZy0fLeVkUs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rkM6q6NxZdew0DfqK3WnX9

Determining Chassis Stiffness with MATLAB
https://youtu.be/iWzG8Uqu_dY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rkM6q6NxZdew0DfqK3WnX9

Developing Algorithms for ADAS Systems with MATLAB and Simulink
https://youtu.be/pL8DGnUroDU&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rkM6q6NxZdew0DfqK3WnX9

ECU Tuning and Data Logging Using CAN and Simulink
https://youtu.be/2UfdusKjAMs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rkM6q6NxZdew0DfqK3WnX9

Embedded Code Generation for Your Vehicle Control Systems
https://youtu.be/kU7iRYMlaYo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rkM6q6NxZdew0DfqK3WnX9

Import CAD Assembly into SimMechanics - MATLAB and Simulink Racing Lounge
https://youtu.be/MjqHTYX-z4Y&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rkM6q6NxZdew0DfqK3WnX9

Importing CAD Assemblies into Simscape Multibody
https://youtu.be/gSgWYXBZc0M&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rkM6q6NxZdew0DfqK3WnX9

Modeling of a Continuously Variable Transmission (CVT) BAJA All-Terrain Vehicle (ATV)
https://youtu.be/gOFweQcz0XI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rkM6q6NxZdew0DfqK3WnX9

Modeling Physical Components, Part 1 Mathematical Models
https://youtu.be/alFPhyrfmC4&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rkM6q6NxZdew0DfqK3WnX9

Modeling Physical Components, Part 2 Data-Driven Concepts
https://youtu.be/F_D2kUCFDno&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rkM6q6NxZdew0DfqK3WnX9

Modeling Vehicle Dynamics
https://youtu.be/HeKqOI1RXqo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rkM6q6NxZdew0DfqK3WnX9

Preparing Custom Vehicle Mesh for the Unreal Editor  MATLAB and Simulink Racing Lounge
https://youtu.be/A5P1aMTrq_s&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rkM6q6NxZdew0DfqK3WnX9

Principles of Control Design
https://youtu.be/stiDxFSKMNI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rkM6q6NxZdew0DfqK3WnX9

Processing CFD Simulation Data
https://youtu.be/vXOcnk4iQPc&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rkM6q6NxZdew0DfqK3WnX9

Programming ECUs Using Simulink
https://youtu.be/EK505A5AcrU&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rkM6q6NxZdew0DfqK3WnX9

Real-Time Simulation and Testing of a Throttle Valve Controller
https://youtu.be/cJkcnJKr7Mc&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rkM6q6NxZdew0DfqK3WnX9

Simulating Longitudinal and Lateral Vehicle Dynamics
https://youtu.be/WID-MBOIIt8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rkM6q6NxZdew0DfqK3WnX9

Vehicle Modeling Using Simscape Multibody
https://youtu.be/VWLpZk9s5FA&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rkM6q6NxZdew0DfqK3WnX9

Vehicle Modeling Using Simulink
https://youtu.be/J-JOn5xaZbQ&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rkM6q6NxZdew0DfqK3WnX9

Vehicle Path Tracking Using Model Predictive Control  MATLAB and Simulink Racing Lounge
https://youtu.be/SzEg_C-XJ14&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rkM6q6NxZdew0DfqK3WnX9

Vehicle Path Tracking Using Pure Pursuit Controller
https://youtu.be/zMdoLO4kRKg&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rkM6q6NxZdew0DfqK3WnX9

Virtual Test Driving
https://youtu.be/5xMzTSqrmFI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rkM6q6NxZdew0DfqK3WnX9
Videos 1-25