
A Dozen Cool Things We Can Do With Popular JVM Languages by Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/-8ISVgl7Qm0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Applying (D)DDD and CQ(R)S to Cloud Architectures by Benjamin Nothdurft
https://youtu.be/ZfxcjFXLxHk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Building event-driven Java applications using Redis Streams by Mark Paluch
https://youtu.be/NUwrSrYxFGg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Creating event-driven microservices the why, how and what by Andrew Schofield
https://youtu.be/ksRCq0BJef8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Exploring GraphQL-Braid Leaving RESTish world and building a distributed GraphQL system
https://youtu.be/iNtxkbzopDg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Exploring Microservices boundaries through network science by Nicki Watt
https://youtu.be/IvQGT1Yv3wE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

From null to security, a developers tale by Louis Hansen
https://youtu.be/d6cA-dg9yGs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Functional Programming Design using Morphisms by Uberto Barbini
https://youtu.be/L8tc9KDwcwM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Get to Know the Real World Discovering Connected Data by Jennifer Reif
https://youtu.be/UDDXNhLPTx8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Going Pro 5 simple strategies to raise your personal profile by Koffi Sessi
https://youtu.be/0iDsyJf3Irg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

GraalVM Run Programs Faster Everywhere by Oleg Å elajev
https://youtu.be/6hd7UFlsIsg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Helm your way with Kubernetes by Ana Maria Mihalceanu
https://youtu.be/Ol4tbo_tLbM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

How To Fail At Kafka by Peter Godfrey
https://youtu.be/xsdoQkoao2U&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Information Storage in DNA by Nick Goldman
https://youtu.be/NsfuBSsF1Fk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Infrastructure craftsmanship. Keeping the lights on for Everyone by Siren Hofvander
https://youtu.be/jWyxMv6h3S4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Machine learning and link prediction by Mark Needham & Jennifer Reif
https://youtu.be/9MDHuNRhvcg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Moving Fast and Breaking Everything by Maurice Naftalin
https://youtu.be/L-ZvespjeNg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Reactive Relational Database Connectivity by Ben Hale
https://youtu.be/4Rwp1sIqkLA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Rust 101 by Alessio Coltellacci
https://youtu.be/xG3RoiglDIY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Sincerely Allan, Tales of a Woman in Tech by Heather Wilde
https://youtu.be/Kvl3Khxo6II&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Spearheading the future of programming by Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/1sjoiBA0MTw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Switching on DevSecOps by Brian Vermeer
https://youtu.be/hnN3ZQYlysU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

The Diabolical Developer promises that Java is Still Free by Martijn Verburg
https://youtu.be/T5Qg9tL81Ik&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

THINK-ing Big, THINK-ing Diverse, THINK-ing Forward by Grace Jansen
https://youtu.be/olpymdlhJxc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Zookeeper in action by Alexandre Berthaud
https://youtu.be/Vv4HpLfqAz4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU
Videos 1-25