
55 New Features in JDK 9 by Simon Ritter
https://youtu.be/CMMzG8I23lY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Angular 4 for Java Developers by Yakov Fain
https://youtu.be/k8r76d8QzXs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Building at Uber Scale by Ryan Sonnenberg
https://youtu.be/bSojCYTTz-A&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Code Review vs Pul Requests by Marcus Bertrand
https://youtu.be/98KWUIxaAo8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Creating new experiences for people in a world of intelligent machines by Brian Kane
https://youtu.be/GhaBjNuxy0o&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Deconstructing REST Security by David Blevins
https://youtu.be/9CJ_BAeOmW0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Deep Learning in Production by Adam Gibson
https://youtu.be/olJjvuPqsR4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Eclipse 4.7 Platform News by Lars Vogel
https://youtu.be/94hhzGnzqbw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Effective Unit Testing by Eliotte Rusty Harold
https://youtu.be/fr1E9aVnBxw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Functional Programming with Java 8 by Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/15X0qFtBqiQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

gRPC 101 for Java Developers by Ray Tsang
https://youtu.be/DU-q5kOf2Rc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

IDEA Tips and Tricks by Hadi Hariri
https://youtu.be/bFcaO1pXzws&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Java EE 8 by Linda De Michiel
https://youtu.be/OXsdKzBIUzU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

JUnit 5 by Marc Philipp
https://youtu.be/0qI6_NKFQsY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Let’s Get Lazy Explore the Real Power of Streams by Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/F73kB4XZQ4I&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Massive Parallelism with GPUs in Java by Adam Roberts
https://youtu.be/CIjdipU66qw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Neural Networks and Brains by Raghav Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/9UHpuSVTF08&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Optional by Stuart Marks
https://youtu.be/fBYhtvY19xA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Private video
https://youtu.be/dPRr4KVclh4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Reactive Programming in Java by Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/oTnujfacyPQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Reactive Spring by Josh Long
https://youtu.be/zVNIZXf4BG8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Serviceable Runtimes by Bjørn Vårdal
https://youtu.be/OvX-RoPusAU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

The Checker Framework In Action By Werner Dietl and  Michael Ernst
https://youtu.be/-1jjJf5C-Fc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

The Seven Deadly Sins of Microservices by Daniel Bryant
https://youtu.be/Jw6TYEb1Opw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

What can you learn from thousands of source files in Github  by Guillaume Laforge
https://youtu.be/Aw4sgZ8kIeg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm
Videos 1-25