
Keynote  Inclusion and Community in the face of crisis - Naomi Ceder
https://youtu.be/FFIOiLQdze8&list=PL6GW05BfqWIf5TzoTkQSwg-gDTuJVZk4a

Lightning Talk  Maze Solver using Python and OpenCV - Sashank Kakaraparty
https://youtu.be/5ieLAZjZekU&list=PL6GW05BfqWIf5TzoTkQSwg-gDTuJVZk4a

Lightning Talk  What should you NOT miss when deploying Python apps to Kubernetes - Nabarun Pal
https://youtu.be/o9NcWkhvLuA&list=PL6GW05BfqWIf5TzoTkQSwg-gDTuJVZk4a

Lightning Talk Generate your E Certificates using Python - Dima Maharika Dinama
https://youtu.be/TLFctuajCd8&list=PL6GW05BfqWIf5TzoTkQSwg-gDTuJVZk4a

Lightning Talk How I use python in CA office - Samir Thakkar
https://youtu.be/Z3KT_JRn0wc&list=PL6GW05BfqWIf5TzoTkQSwg-gDTuJVZk4a

Lightning Talk How to build a Code Search Engine - Bhanu
https://youtu.be/RfbUN9SDQ7A&list=PL6GW05BfqWIf5TzoTkQSwg-gDTuJVZk4a

Lightning Talk Jazzit - Sangarshanan
https://youtu.be/CSjfxXaFJ4w&list=PL6GW05BfqWIf5TzoTkQSwg-gDTuJVZk4a

Lightning Talk Python Data Scientists 10x Faster - Shashank Yadav
https://youtu.be/3GMK_VS1_Is&list=PL6GW05BfqWIf5TzoTkQSwg-gDTuJVZk4a

Lightning Talk Right our Docs - Vipul Gupta
https://youtu.be/o7wxcM08w-4&list=PL6GW05BfqWIf5TzoTkQSwg-gDTuJVZk4a

Sponsored Lightning Talk Introducing EPAM - Parvez (EPAM)
https://youtu.be/nRCU-2JrqLM&list=PL6GW05BfqWIf5TzoTkQSwg-gDTuJVZk4a

Sponsored Talk Productionizing Data Science Workloads -  Anand Iragavarapu (EPAM)
https://youtu.be/KQmsmBqmjLs&list=PL6GW05BfqWIf5TzoTkQSwg-gDTuJVZk4a

Talk Build plugins using Pluggy - Kracekumar Ramaraju
https://youtu.be/uwM7OgWLCPE&list=PL6GW05BfqWIf5TzoTkQSwg-gDTuJVZk4a

Talk How I built a Ray Tracer in Pure Python - Arun Ravindran
https://youtu.be/ROX0aph1mu4&list=PL6GW05BfqWIf5TzoTkQSwg-gDTuJVZk4a

Talk How to make continuous integration work with machine learning - Elle O'Brien
https://youtu.be/bvbNOCtPfdQ&list=PL6GW05BfqWIf5TzoTkQSwg-gDTuJVZk4a

Talk Programming for Accessibility - Rory Preddy
https://youtu.be/JMFiM72vIbk&list=PL6GW05BfqWIf5TzoTkQSwg-gDTuJVZk4a

Talk Python Emergency Remote Teaching - Fernando Masanori Ashikaga
https://youtu.be/Qdsrhm8nj-8&list=PL6GW05BfqWIf5TzoTkQSwg-gDTuJVZk4a

Talk Pythonic Interfaces   The secret to building maintainable, quality code - Praveen Shirali
https://youtu.be/rIsG7fx-U7M&list=PL6GW05BfqWIf5TzoTkQSwg-gDTuJVZk4a

Talk Revolutionize the Web with Python - Brython - Antriksh Verma
https://youtu.be/0iTVJGgXGio&list=PL6GW05BfqWIf5TzoTkQSwg-gDTuJVZk4a

Talk So, You Want to Build an Anti Virus Engine - YuShiang Dang, JunWei Song
https://youtu.be/v1OccNNfh3Q&list=PL6GW05BfqWIf5TzoTkQSwg-gDTuJVZk4a

Talk Stop writing tests! - Zac Hatfield-Dodds
https://youtu.be/3hWY5P3ogZc&list=PL6GW05BfqWIf5TzoTkQSwg-gDTuJVZk4a

Talk Supply Chain bot for Retailers - Niharika Krishnan, Sridhar Rathinasabapathy
https://youtu.be/g3se3zaO-eA&list=PL6GW05BfqWIf5TzoTkQSwg-gDTuJVZk4a

Talk The Infiniteness of Finite Elements Explored through FEniCS - Gaurav Verma  .extend()
https://youtu.be/LbzCx8l3FZc&list=PL6GW05BfqWIf5TzoTkQSwg-gDTuJVZk4a

Talk Time Series Forecasting on CoronaVirus Dataset - Sonam Pankaj
https://youtu.be/74aGOTlsYKY&list=PL6GW05BfqWIf5TzoTkQSwg-gDTuJVZk4a

Talk Under and Dunder - Python secret functions - Cheuk Ting Ho
https://youtu.be/hQh9tyRfEKs&list=PL6GW05BfqWIf5TzoTkQSwg-gDTuJVZk4a

Talk Understanding UMAP  Internal Workings of a State of the Art Clustering Algorithm - Soham Joshi
https://youtu.be/OpZqfGXVB5U&list=PL6GW05BfqWIf5TzoTkQSwg-gDTuJVZk4a
Videos 26-50