
Andrew Grangaard - A perler's Python Primer
https://youtu.be/-tdI9RYjZNE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Andrew Grangaard - Readin' Rust
https://youtu.be/kX6kEg83Dqk&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

D. Ruth Holloway - The Pleasures and Perils of a Programming Polyglot
https://youtu.be/Vg1MQJvEL4Y&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Dan Wright - Farewell Address
https://youtu.be/TQTWwpQ01qI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Dave Rolsky - Classy Testing
https://youtu.be/VE886jtXgqY&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

David Hand - Non-trivial jq
https://youtu.be/MvI6Z85EgVo&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

Jeffrey Goff - The Seven Habits of Highly Defective Programmers
https://youtu.be/EYJf99QISO0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] Andrew Fresh - Documentation What goes where and why.
https://youtu.be/-_x8fFuVF2k&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] Brian Kelly - Modern approaches to Ancient Perl
https://youtu.be/IbEyBXqaOMA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] Cees Hek - To undef or not to undef
https://youtu.be/XvNTvqUYIAs&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] Chris Nandor - Through a Terminal Darkly
https://youtu.be/c3m_gKMIc-E&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] Graham Ollis & Sawyer X - Out with the XS, in with the FFI
https://youtu.be/Vx0HyPmpFZ0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] Ingy d√∂t Net - A New Name for Perl
https://youtu.be/VYjiHU7axUI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] Jason Crome - Come to Charlotte, NC!
https://youtu.be/-7e-if-yzvg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] Karl Williamson - Matching IP Addresses
https://youtu.be/TmJp7t00RDU&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] Kevin McGrail - Apache SpamAssassin News & Funnies
https://youtu.be/6MBUBLsuAn8&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] M. Scott Ford - Engage Docking Clamps
https://youtu.be/O0XJ1n6wnuI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] Mike Fragassi - Fountain Pens
https://youtu.be/1px2VHqOLM4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] Sterling Hanenkamp - My Fiddly Hobby of 3D Printing
https://youtu.be/kKahkX-qXUA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] Steve Scaffidi - Perlanoid
https://youtu.be/kqu7pqwBXV4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] Timm Murray - A Brief History of my Brief History with YAPC
https://youtu.be/jeJ429ZPQOU&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm

[Lightning Talk] Will Braswell RPerl Quickie
https://youtu.be/Wudx28D6xMk&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFw2YKlCzOorEDMAzZwEgNgm
Videos 51-72