
360° Monitoring of Your Microservices by Philipp Krenn
https://youtu.be/y0jjm1n7Cjo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

A Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Cloud Native Stack by M.-Leander Reimer
https://youtu.be/eMMkOyZwam4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

A Tale about The Evil Partial Mock, and the Separation by Levels of Abstraction... by Victor Rentea
https://youtu.be/pYG0jhCfT2A&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Big Data 101, all the foundations you need to bootstrap a new project in 2017 by DuyHai DOAN
https://youtu.be/gShQdyhjtUI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Browsers behind your back by Phil Nash
https://youtu.be/sYI3ng5GzgU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Building a PWA with Ionic, Angular and Spring Boot by Matt Raible
https://youtu.be/SQUtJYfJ-eI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Continuous Deployment to the Cloud with Spring Cloud Pipelines by Marcin Grzejszczak
https://youtu.be/glhXS34umbw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Cut me some Slack The road to continuous learning and improvement by Morgan Kobeissi
https://youtu.be/UYUmEstIcFs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Distributed Systems in One Lesson by Tim Berglund
https://youtu.be/Y6Ev8GIlbxc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Fostering an evolving architecture in the agile world by Roy van Rijn
https://youtu.be/aGMH6lFIrHM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Frontendless in a nutshell UI as a service by Tomasz Skowroński
https://youtu.be/pRZlVMK6Fio&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Git — the modern version control system by Konrad Gądek
https://youtu.be/yxLlAvC94co&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Google Dataflow The New Open Model for Batch and Stream Processing by Robert Kubis
https://youtu.be/D8pPbER_cF0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

How to run a dev team in a cloud-talent world (100% remotework) by Andy Tryba and Frank Fischer
https://youtu.be/BcPbyszZp9Q&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Implementing Clean Architecture by Lieven Doclo
https://youtu.be/O6tdJO4aB7c&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Introduction to gRPC A general RPC framework that puts mobile and HTTP2 first by Mete Atamel
https://youtu.be/5_iEZ3TFYGM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

JPA beyond copy-paste by Jakub Kubrynski
https://youtu.be/yJVhbO75tzw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Kotlin - your 2017 Java replacement by Paweł Barszcz
https://youtu.be/dNUxJyPhQ6s&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Load Testing Like a Pro by Rob Harrop
https://youtu.be/_STcN3S11GU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Reactive Meets Data Access by Mark Paluch
https://youtu.be/96mlsUgfZvs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Spanner - a fully managed horizontally scalable relational database... by Robert Kubis
https://youtu.be/IFbydfGV2lQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

TensorFlow by Brian Sletten
https://youtu.be/RlrBKYehcNg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

The Seven Sins of Optional by Grzegorz Rożniecki
https://youtu.be/nWQoZ3vEmvM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Using actors for The Internet of (Lego) Trains by Johan Janssen
https://youtu.be/vUAaXtIOu5E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

WebAssembly by Brian Sletten
https://youtu.be/hKhovXl_5yo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH
Videos 26-50