
Android reactive programming with RxJava by Ivan Morgillo
https://youtu.be/Jnca7o4f-1k&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Apache Sling as an OSGi-powered REST middleware by Robert Munteanu
https://youtu.be/vll9wezY1bs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Apps On Your Wrist by Sebastien ArbogastSaid Eloudrhiri
https://youtu.be/GVABnHK-Uzo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Bridging the communication gap can tools help Elke SteegmansMieke Kemme
https://youtu.be/-83R_RnGDg8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Bringing handwriting recognition to your webapp with a Polymer component
https://youtu.be/AdIbMvf6x6c&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Building modern web UIs with Web Components Michael HeinrichsHendrik Ebbers
https://youtu.be/muqOStp3A_o&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Caching 101 Caching on the JVM (and beyond) by Alex SnapsLouis Jacomet
https://youtu.be/HtrU07c17JQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Creating RESTful Web Services with Grails 3 by Jennifer Strater
https://youtu.be/6mN8GzsAebA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Distributed Machine Learning 101 using Apache Spark from a Browser by Xavier TordoirAndy Petrella
https://youtu.be/VGkL2xVxxLk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Docker Tooling for JavaEE Developers by Xavier Coulon
https://youtu.be/tq58w0DYmgc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Doing Open Source (The Right Way) by Charles Nutter
https://youtu.be/wDMO8Gsg1Ow&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Drone Racing The next big thing by Nick PuylaertStefan De JonckGillian Van de Perre
https://youtu.be/1_1grgyzook&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

fabric8 - Java developer tools for Kubernetes and OpenShift by Roland Huß
https://youtu.be/DCQ9SEdteHs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Field guide to DDDCQRS using the Scala Type System and Akka by Renato Cavalcanti
https://youtu.be/fQkKu4tTgCE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Good and Wicked Fairies, and the Tragedy of the Commons by Maurice NaftalinKirk Pepperdine
https://youtu.be/uIHskJc0X8I&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Hands-on with JMH, become a benchmarking expert in 30 minutes! by Tom Vleminckx
https://youtu.be/Bi0E7w1ZFFA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Java 8 Stream and RxJava comparison patterns and performances by José Paumard
https://youtu.be/fabN6HNZ2qY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Java EE 7 in Action by Reza Rahman
https://youtu.be/kvjdyqZR2CA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

JavaScript build pipelines with Gulp.js by Stefan Baumgartner
https://youtu.be/AcCtLUZZkvE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Modern Java Component Design with Spring 4.2 by Juergen Hoeller
https://youtu.be/Innj76v7TxI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Modern JavaScript debugging Christophe Jollivet
https://youtu.be/mfcantzLOCA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Powerful Metaprogramming Techniques With Groovy by Jeff Brown
https://youtu.be/vwysol6tipM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Selenide concise UI Tests in Java. From developers for developers by Andrei Solntsev
https://youtu.be/BjEW08vDUfI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Spring REST Docs - Documenting RESTful APIs using your tests by Andreas Evers
https://youtu.be/iWj-t69EdN4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb

Thymeleaf by Daniel Fernández
https://youtu.be/GVq0uzpHYoQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrnrqNopuT9GnkOSbFKtRvb
Videos 26-50