
5 Ways to Make the OpenJDK Community Hate You with Adam Farley
https://youtu.be/mMvXcZV-2ZY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

A Future without Servers, with Danilo Poccia
https://youtu.be/Ztjdnqf-674&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Accessibility for UX Don't Worry, It's Much Worse Than You Think with Elle Waters
https://youtu.be/DGWFjn9Si-E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

AdoptOpenJDK Enhancing OpenJDK’s “build, test, contribute” pipeline
https://youtu.be/d9HnAQAcfjQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Are you an Architectologist with James Birnie
https://youtu.be/bm6xRiw6Dbk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Are you ready for Cloud-Native Java, with Steve Poole & Graham Charters
https://youtu.be/XPdAC3Cr6G8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

AWS certification why, how, what, with Jean Marie Ferdegue
https://youtu.be/htSA0iqXT4U&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Building a self-driving RC car with Tim van Eijndhoven
https://youtu.be/oR_YHca8Mt0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Cloud Native Java, part deux, with Josh Long
https://youtu.be/GW656IAU5ZE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Compassion-First Design for AI with Manon Gruaz
https://youtu.be/9aUBvuavI2s&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Conway's Law and Microservices. A perfect match, or not with Andy Hedges & Adrian Spender
https://youtu.be/lZloZISzdb0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Exploring Space Challenges, Innovation, Management Lessons for All with Prof. Mark Sims
https://youtu.be/0BVzIYZlfy4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Feature Toggles The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly with Andy Davies
https://youtu.be/r7VI5x2XKXw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Functional Libraries for Java with Rabea Gransberger
https://youtu.be/0fl8Bv5oWuU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

How to use AI and Java to train your application to recognize people by name...
https://youtu.be/bzSqrmefnV0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Java 8 the good, the bad and the ugly with Brian Vermeer
https://youtu.be/lmbXX5hyTi0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Java in 2018 Change is the Only Constant with Mark Reinhold
https://youtu.be/HqxZFoY_snQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Life on PaaS – using our development skills in the NoCode world with Sarah Saunders
https://youtu.be/-gmhxMDW8K0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Mnemosyne a distributed bitmapped indexing layer for big data with Phil Messenger
https://youtu.be/iGTemVUrt_I&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Multi Env Deploys with Terraform as Application Glue with Ben Vickers
https://youtu.be/karUxzDj81k&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Presentation 2.0 Five ways to engage your audience! with Koffi Alain Sessi
https://youtu.be/6QyylxnV1xY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Real Time UI with Apache Kafka Streaming Analytics of Fast Data and Server Push
https://youtu.be/-GBk0en6dck&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

The Computer Science behind a modern distributed data store, with Max Neunhoeffer
https://youtu.be/q1mMgsvAkF8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

The future of cloud native Java is open! with Gaël Blondelle
https://youtu.be/CRFCoXMm5aA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

The Importance of Fun in the Workplace with Holly Cummins
https://youtu.be/xECE7T4pVjU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op
Videos 51-75