
5 Things You Need to Know about iOS 10.3 as an iOS Developer.url
https://youtu.be/SG2iRbSGD7Q&list=PLyLxRAoqE6zGadWXlodZUMXL4ebVnW-CH

Detailed Explanation on What's New in Swift 4.1 #iOSBySheldon #iOSQuickBite.url
https://youtu.be/e4WZhI3uXlE&list=PLyLxRAoqE6zGadWXlodZUMXL4ebVnW-CH

iOS Swift 3 JSON Downloading Into PickerView.url
https://youtu.be/vBDfIucdIgA&list=PLyLxRAoqE6zGadWXlodZUMXL4ebVnW-CH

iOS Swift 4 new feature - String Multi-line Literal #iOSQUICKBITES.url
https://youtu.be/58oGNixlx5s&list=PLyLxRAoqE6zGadWXlodZUMXL4ebVnW-CH

iOS Swift 4 Tutorial - Print ðŸ’– in String Using Unicode #iOSQUICKBITES.url
https://youtu.be/HXJuqHoKRHI&list=PLyLxRAoqE6zGadWXlodZUMXL4ebVnW-CH

iOS Swift 4 Tutorial Search Bar in TableView #IOSbySheldon.url
https://youtu.be/4RyhnwIRjpA&list=PLyLxRAoqE6zGadWXlodZUMXL4ebVnW-CH

iOS Swift Helper Class Device Manager System Manager.url
https://youtu.be/FdHe9AAq4VM&list=PLyLxRAoqE6zGadWXlodZUMXL4ebVnW-CH

iOS Swift Tableview Dynamic Cell Height & Dynamic Header Height Xcode 8.url
https://youtu.be/dI-DqNLm7mQ&list=PLyLxRAoqE6zGadWXlodZUMXL4ebVnW-CH

iOS Swift Tuorial - How to Use Do-Try-Catch with the Best Practice #iOSBySheldon.url
https://youtu.be/o4WvH-C_TeQ&list=PLyLxRAoqE6zGadWXlodZUMXL4ebVnW-CH

iOS Swift Tutorial Visualize & Solve the Memory Leak! (Memory Graph in Xcode 8).url
https://youtu.be/WWM0_kPcLLA&list=PLyLxRAoqE6zGadWXlodZUMXL4ebVnW-CH

iOS Swift3 Load Your TableView with Animation.url
https://youtu.be/gTqVqFRiV00&list=PLyLxRAoqE6zGadWXlodZUMXL4ebVnW-CH

iOS Swift3 Rotate your TableView Cells! Simple Core Animation Guide.url
https://youtu.be/tNACwN73784&list=PLyLxRAoqE6zGadWXlodZUMXL4ebVnW-CH

iOS Swift4 - I found another UITableView Bug by Apple #iOSBySheldon.url
https://youtu.be/UOzA3raei2I&list=PLyLxRAoqE6zGadWXlodZUMXL4ebVnW-CH

iOS Third Party Frameworks Basics, Cocoapods vs. Carthage, How to choose Reliable Frameworks.url
https://youtu.be/vNOoE0LBKsM&list=PLyLxRAoqE6zGadWXlodZUMXL4ebVnW-CH

iOS Tutorial - Easy Animation with Lottie and CABasicAnimation #iOSBySheldon.url
https://youtu.be/4uBJQyu8xXY&list=PLyLxRAoqE6zGadWXlodZUMXL4ebVnW-CH

iOS Tutorial Make a PDF Downloader and Reader from scratch in Swift 3 - Part 2.url
https://youtu.be/s39JZPV_jBQ&list=PLyLxRAoqE6zGadWXlodZUMXL4ebVnW-CH

iOS Tutorial Reactive Programming Basic - KVO & KVC.url
https://youtu.be/xS7bvtGPiuU&list=PLyLxRAoqE6zGadWXlodZUMXL4ebVnW-CH

iOS Tutorial [Advanced] Down-Scaling Image with the Best Practice - Swift.url
https://youtu.be/UpVFLuttVn4&list=PLyLxRAoqE6zGadWXlodZUMXL4ebVnW-CH

Setup Local JSON Server to Test Your App!.url
https://youtu.be/GHDR7lECoQU&list=PLyLxRAoqE6zGadWXlodZUMXL4ebVnW-CH

Web Tutorial How to make Supreme and Palace Shopping Easier with Sold-Out-Tag Always Shown.url
https://youtu.be/6sI1yDk1O0g&list=PLyLxRAoqE6zGadWXlodZUMXL4ebVnW-CH

WWDC2018 KeyNote Highlights For Developers #iOSBySheldon.url
https://youtu.be/uOjDRVcbenQ&list=PLyLxRAoqE6zGadWXlodZUMXL4ebVnW-CH
Videos 26-46