
Achieving C-like performance in Python without Cython or other libraries
https://youtu.be/Ri8sU5DphEE&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

After learning the basics of Python, how do I get started with real projects
https://youtu.be/8x2A5Ih1oIg&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

Coding Habits How to make coding part of your daily life üíª
https://youtu.be/aSyUZbDxPR0&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

Experienced vs Inexperienced Python Developers ‚Äî What's the Difference
https://youtu.be/Flaios1jmDM&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

Extroverts vs Introverts in Computer Science (and Software Development) üíªü§î
https://youtu.be/VMZ9LPfh9JI&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

How can you get a job as junior Python developer without experience
https://youtu.be/ZF_ECl9aIKA&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

How do you make money as a Python developer üí∞üí∞üí∞
https://youtu.be/t3jULw6_veI&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

How do you write clean, yet readable Python code
https://youtu.be/sQBDd4xUZ1Q&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

How do you write Pythonic code üëçüêç
https://youtu.be/MNGtjdcFQnc&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

How is Python going to evolve over the next 5-10 years
https://youtu.be/HYU7xVkP6-Q&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

How to avoid premature optimization in software development
https://youtu.be/5wISuYbWpvs&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

How to convince your team or company to use Python üñ•üêç
https://youtu.be/3IVIZwXMFls&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

How to maintain legacy Python codebases
https://youtu.be/cm_eCSlhAFs&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

How to set up Python code highlighting in your terminal
https://youtu.be/cg_3E3Cb3MA&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

How to stay up to date and employable as a Python developer
https://youtu.be/c6miHMXgt1s&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

How to write code that works on both Python 2 and Python 3
https://youtu.be/3StNdhmnR2o&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

I completed Python Tricks The Book ‚Äî Am I a Beginner or Intermediate Python Dev
https://youtu.be/vDvmfxXnl_A&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

Is Python slower than Java and how to optimize its performance
https://youtu.be/EGNOMb1vS3U&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

My Company Says Python Is Too risky... What Nowüòï
https://youtu.be/H5CcDjaDzP8&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) in Python ‚Äì A Good Idea üö®üêç
https://youtu.be/ixO9oXy1Dhw&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

Programming blogs ‚Äì Using Medium vs self-hosting with your own website ü§î
https://youtu.be/y62p-dF1rN4&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

Programming Contests Necessary to Get a Coding Job
https://youtu.be/QuTpVMv4mxc&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

Programming is too abstract and I'm getting frustrated... üò†
https://youtu.be/O85LoK2uBoI&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

Python Certifications ‚Äì Worth It Or A Waste Of Money üí∏üêç
https://youtu.be/V-t4QLFjRAE&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

Python Freelancing ‚Äì Where to Find English Speaking Clients
https://youtu.be/qKvmYYX32WI&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

Python GUI Frameworks (Guide)
https://youtu.be/RHCg3p9aP_I&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

Python vs Java and C++ in video game development
https://youtu.be/MFG2lWHBo6c&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

Python vs PHP Why are there so few (free) shared hosting offers
https://youtu.be/TayhQFzw7RY&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

Should I Open-Source My Python App
https://youtu.be/SdC-xu8VWK8&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

Should you build your whole dev career on Python alone üêç‚ùì
https://youtu.be/KpfAViSLAN8&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

Should you stick with Python 2 or migrate to Python 3
https://youtu.be/W8mieeEvMhs&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

The skills and knowledge that will impact your Python career the most ‚ùìüêç
https://youtu.be/quVusFZ_iAs&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

Visual Python Debuggers and IDEs‚ÄîWhich One Should You Use
https://youtu.be/KW4ojS5hhsQ&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

What can you do to become a better Python developer
https://youtu.be/B7GwiFwN6T4&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

What computer should I buy to learn Python programming
https://youtu.be/n0NfObWYJ-Y&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

What other languagesplatforms besides Python should you learn
https://youtu.be/nkGnPbbIiHo&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

What Python skills are the most relevant in the industry today
https://youtu.be/1mH0m_7uawo&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

What will happen when support for Python 2 ends
https://youtu.be/E5Jn7FfZO-0&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

What's the best Python coding interview book
https://youtu.be/ovi5J5XK40s&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

What's the future of Python on mobile platforms
https://youtu.be/bQS0MFDuFkI&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

Where can I get the most out of my Python career Data science Web dev Machine learning
https://youtu.be/XG7YL_Gt-Aw&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

Where can you find clients as a Python freelance developer
https://youtu.be/RVyNkTck2hk&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

Where Can You Find Remote Python Jobs
https://youtu.be/JJqrg0DIHiU&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

Where to Find Real-World Python Projects
https://youtu.be/WWDzzEhlayY&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

Where to find serious Python freelancing projects
https://youtu.be/JXsQaVl6ZNM&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

Where's the job market headed for Python
https://youtu.be/pGDC6tfB9_g&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

Will Python survive the NodeJS  JavaScript hype
https://youtu.be/_DvjBg14Srk&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

üêçüåü What projects is Python ideal for
https://youtu.be/7BiLUehbOb8&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

üéì Advice on Going to College for a Computer Science  Software Engineering Degree
https://youtu.be/W3OKejBK_dg&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_

üí°üêç How to Remember Useful Code Snippets to Make Your Code More Pythonic
https://youtu.be/ODqR37Jncc4&list=PLP8GkvaIxJP2Z1rqBxlWmqYmhJ9vG2Jm_
Videos 1-25