
Alexys Jacob - Designing a scalable and distributed application
https://youtu.be/WN_890QPhNA&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Andreas Dewes - Code is not text! How graph technologies can help us to understand our code better.
https://youtu.be/mJyjkAOK0uw&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Andreas Klostermann - Brainwaves for Hackers 2.0
https://youtu.be/sLseUEez1D0&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Antonio Cuni - Python and PyPy performance (not) for dummies
https://youtu.be/BZJ6q4eihCs&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Architecture of a cloud hosting service using python technologies django, ansible and celery
https://youtu.be/2ygaowx5ukA&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Carles Bruguera - MAX Realtime messaging and activity stream engine
https://youtu.be/iUN5GrgIiks&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Christine Doig - Scale your data, not your process Welcome to the Blaze ecosystem
https://youtu.be/QKBcnEhkCtk&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Dale - Data-visualisation with Python and Javascript crafting a data-viz toolchain for the web
https://youtu.be/OsI7p65OcCI&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Daniel Pope - Writing Domain Specific Languages with Python
https://youtu.be/wQAPRfEOb10&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Fabio Pliger - Big data beautiful visualization on the browser with Bokeh
https://youtu.be/MUlMh_oy_4k&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Gianluca Nieri - Python for IT specialists' tasks automation
https://youtu.be/wHkvokOtpWE&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Harry Percival - How to build a spreadsheet with Python
https://youtu.be/BbsdFGo6SzY&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Harry Percival - PythonAnywhere and Education
https://youtu.be/lMcNWv6Xatw&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Hynek Schlawack - Beyond grep Practical Logging and Metrics
https://youtu.be/LklGF1rcJII&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Ionel Cristian Mărieș - Less known packaging features and tricks
https://youtu.be/o-UbWsO9rZk&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Jesús Espino - Playing with CPython Objects Internals
https://youtu.be/f5Ica6AeeqE&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Kay Hayen - The Python Compiler
https://youtu.be/a8RRbT4BTEw&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Lluís Esquerda - CityBikes bike sharing networks around the world
https://youtu.be/oQwlTfQwz8w&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Mike Müller - Functional Python with Mochi
https://youtu.be/bFqQd1eyY10&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Moritz Gronbach - What's the fuzz all about Randomized data generation for robust unit testing
https://youtu.be/ABnqAnhonDk&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Oliver Braun - Multibody Simulation using sympy, scipy and vpython
https://youtu.be/7cCinfaBtIE&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Ramon Navarro Bosch - Plone 5 and how to use machine learning with it.
https://youtu.be/5ELGhtekjsc&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Tom Viner - Testing with two failure seeking missiles fuzzing and property based testing
https://youtu.be/5kaqOKIqX_4&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP
Videos 151-173