
[VDT18] A Developers Guide to a Blue-Green Deployment Using Kubernetes by Andreas Postl
https://youtu.be/cQoWsevATRg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq4IapQ-Fz6AuHMj2KITL6P

[VDT18] AI, Machine Learning, Deep Learning... ma quindi di cosa stiamo parlando by Stefano Sarioli
https://youtu.be/ScyqJ9rHvIs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq4IapQ-Fz6AuHMj2KITL6P

[VDT18] Camel microservices with Spring Boot and Kubernetes by Claus Ibsen
https://youtu.be/G8h7oCGsTVQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq4IapQ-Fz6AuHMj2KITL6P

[VDT18] Challenges in Mixed Reality by Sebastien Broggi & Benjamin Sen
https://youtu.be/JdEBmxNJhdM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq4IapQ-Fz6AuHMj2KITL6P

[VDT18] Do things blazingly fast with WebAssembly by Sendil Kumar
https://youtu.be/T5787gaVCSE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq4IapQ-Fz6AuHMj2KITL6P

[VDT18] Domain Driven Testing Know What You're Doing by Dmitry Vinnik
https://youtu.be/82bVGCLZQCo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq4IapQ-Fz6AuHMj2KITL6P

[VDT18] Google Cloud Native with Spring Boot by Ray Tsang
https://youtu.be/2AtVHCaEi54&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq4IapQ-Fz6AuHMj2KITL6P

[VDT18] How SQL Databases Come up with Algorithms that You Would Have Never Dreamed Of by Lukas Eder
https://youtu.be/XaC1rQZ_LKs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq4IapQ-Fz6AuHMj2KITL6P

[VDT18] How Well Relational Database Engines Support JSON by Christian Antognini
https://youtu.be/jQ_Z7hQS_r8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq4IapQ-Fz6AuHMj2KITL6P

[VDT18] It's all about you - Tecniche di personalizzazione della Mobile UX by Emilia Ciardi
https://youtu.be/PyX2JAFSAeg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq4IapQ-Fz6AuHMj2KITL6P

[VDT18] Java 91011 - What's new and why you should upgrade by Simone Bordet
https://youtu.be/cUqcSFLnk_E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq4IapQ-Fz6AuHMj2KITL6P

[VDT18] Keynote - The gordian knot by Alberto Brandolini
https://youtu.be/pXHqgt7ELLc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq4IapQ-Fz6AuHMj2KITL6P

[VDT18] Leveraging Feature Toggles for your Microservices by Cedrick Lunven
https://youtu.be/LeSZvCnzi5k&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq4IapQ-Fz6AuHMj2KITL6P

[VDT18] OOP v̶s and FP by Mario Fusco
https://youtu.be/fw6QJHHSRuQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq4IapQ-Fz6AuHMj2KITL6P

[VDT18] Open Source as a Business Strategy, Struggle & Success by Philipp Krenn
https://youtu.be/nll2vntxcYA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq4IapQ-Fz6AuHMj2KITL6P

[VDT18] OpenCV e TensorFlow in pratica by Vanni Galli
https://youtu.be/lvz5ldXN0NQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq4IapQ-Fz6AuHMj2KITL6P

[VDT18] Playtrip a CQRSES architecture in Erlang by Nicola Fiorillo
https://youtu.be/NdZquZb03tA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq4IapQ-Fz6AuHMj2KITL6P

[VDT18] Principles and Patterns for Streaming Data Analysis by Galder Zamarreño
https://youtu.be/gWhLYRYeTp8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq4IapQ-Fz6AuHMj2KITL6P

[VDT18] React and TS a journey to a unified team using a common language by A. Romano & F. Duroni
https://youtu.be/1x2B7S0XJU4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq4IapQ-Fz6AuHMj2KITL6P

[VDT18] RESTEasy beyond JAX-RS 2.1 reactive, non-blocking IO and more by Alessio Soldano
https://youtu.be/FWZf62zJ3JE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq4IapQ-Fz6AuHMj2KITL6P

[VDT18] Set your code on fire with FlameGraphs by Francesco Nigro
https://youtu.be/exoAdaR4a7c&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq4IapQ-Fz6AuHMj2KITL6P

[VDT18] Sopravvivere ad una codebase legacy by Paolo D'Incau  & Pietro Di Bello
https://youtu.be/89cS7WNOLb4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq4IapQ-Fz6AuHMj2KITL6P

[VDT18] Stateful & Reactive Stream Processing Applications Without a Database by Hans-Peter Grahsl
https://youtu.be/gQbflf4n2Xg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq4IapQ-Fz6AuHMj2KITL6P

[VDT18] Sweet Web Animations API by   Rodolfo Dias
https://youtu.be/K_NvuO3JyjI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq4IapQ-Fz6AuHMj2KITL6P

[VDT18] Twitter's quest for a wholly Graal runtime by Chris Thalinger
https://youtu.be/1EJJirPvgpE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq4IapQ-Fz6AuHMj2KITL6P
Videos 1-25