
Basic Python 3 for Beginners 1 & 2  Introduction, Comments, & Printing
https://youtu.be/rxSyXBq9zq0

Basic Python 3 for Beginners 10 User Input
https://youtu.be/UvNAm1qPdCY

Basic Python 3 for Beginners 3 String Variables
https://youtu.be/IOSOCAIc0H8

Basic Python 3 for Beginners 4 Integers and Floats
https://youtu.be/B2OoMUcXRcI

Basic Python 3 for Beginners 5 Conditionals
https://youtu.be/wfNHiay97vw

Basic Python 3 for Beginners 6 Loops
https://youtu.be/pV6bkk1UxI8

Basic Python 3 for Beginners 7 Lists
https://youtu.be/lQ52sNF_d2o

Basic Python 3 for Beginners 8 Dictionaries
https://youtu.be/vFRI5D_nnCw

Basic Python 3 for Beginners 9 Functions
https://youtu.be/zZ2IC_uebjg

Function Practice Send and Return Values wBooleans
https://youtu.be/LqTDApXYVpU

Loop Challenge Walkthrough
https://youtu.be/RO7x4qPM8aY

Python Game Programming Tutorial Missile Command Intro
https://youtu.be/eMWmVc5kBhg

Python Game Programming Tutorial Missile Command Part 1
https://youtu.be/pAc0JXn0ZPQ

Python Game Programming Tutorial Missile Command Part 3
https://youtu.be/-2vRmrHWOyI

Python Game Programming Tutorial Missile Command Part 5
https://youtu.be/g2DcJ8whPc8

Python List Practice for Beginners Star Trek Captains
https://youtu.be/T_C0B9zqGhY

Python Maze Game Tutorial Part 1
https://youtu.be/-0q_miviUDs

Python Maze Game Tutorial Part 2
https://youtu.be/cbxK3LKQ6j0

Python Maze Game Tutorial Part 3
https://youtu.be/PnbZWU72jkI

Python Maze Game Tutorial Part 4
https://youtu.be/cPnwR3aC9YM

Python Maze Game Tutorial Part 5
https://youtu.be/OD6a3I2YbhU

Python Maze Game Tutorial Part 7
https://youtu.be/krlCDSKYllM

Python Maze Game Tutorial Part 8
https://youtu.be/gLtQyTF1yX8

Rock Paper Scissors - Add A Loop And Features
https://youtu.be/kIcc5POWf9w

Top Secret Message Decoder (Simple Loop Practice)
https://youtu.be/DuDQEDguCPs
Videos 226-250