
7 serverless recipes for big data architectures with Blanca Garcia Gil & Neil Crofts
https://youtu.be/29USGcDcXg0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

A cloud application journey with Helm and Kubernetes with Ana-Maria Mihalceanu
https://youtu.be/0VEeuM-CUWQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

A thunk a saga and an epic walk into a bar...with Artur Daschevici
https://youtu.be/_OfJZfmZCgU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Apps are Making Us Dumber with Heather Wilde
https://youtu.be/C9WJmPmuoWA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Ask the Architect with Mark Reinhold
https://youtu.be/Zzs4zEkGbiE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Automated testing on steroids – Trick for managing test data using Docker snapshots
https://youtu.be/uTQNDzeIrNI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Baking a Microservice PI(e) with Antonio Goncalves Roberto Cortez
https://youtu.be/AP4XDUUKq-k&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Big Data Platform for Hybrid Transaction and Analytics Processing with Jon Payne
https://youtu.be/r8fJx3feuD4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Bug Wars Episode IV – A New Hope with Ben Cripps & Marin Pinner
https://youtu.be/l_KGeDVdShU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Building a Front end Pipeline with Nathaniel Schutta
https://youtu.be/n-ulmM00K0Q&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Containers, VMs, Processes… Deep dive and learn about your Operating System
https://youtu.be/7KC8ljXb6Bs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Data-driven Post-mortems with Daniel Maher
https://youtu.be/11X_m3tFekU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Deploy a software factory under 15 minutes with Laurent Doguin
https://youtu.be/N-8Rltaf7CE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Flood the UK and Ireland with female tech talent with Amali de Alwis
https://youtu.be/8CtzDbOsdnU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Fully serverless, a case study with Stephen Colebourne & Chris Kent
https://youtu.be/8mj-Q_oknd8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Functional Groovy with Paul King
https://youtu.be/T8QPng97CQA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Functional Programming Patterns with Java8 with Victor Rentea
https://youtu.be/F02LKnWJWF4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

GraphQL as an alternative approach to REST with Luis Weir
https://youtu.be/hJOOdCPlXbU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Minecraft and Reinforcement Learning with Lars Gregori
https://youtu.be/q5iislMQwtA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Not can but should we build it Lean Design driven development with Matthew Doyle
https://youtu.be/k6H191LUQEc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

One size fits all with Ixchel Ruiz
https://youtu.be/oBJMtDy5kuc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Parallel and Asynchronous Programming with Streams and CompletableFuture with Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/0hQvWIdwnw4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Reactive Spring Deep Dive Building & Testing Reactive Cloud-native Java Microservices
https://youtu.be/BC2BcYviBZM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Secure microservices made easy with MicroProfile JWT with Emily Jiang
https://youtu.be/w5gfYDuiqrE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Streaming Data Platforms & Clojure with Derek Troy-West
https://youtu.be/4sUaF4m5TWI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op
Videos 1-25