
Accelerating MATLAB Application Development Using Stateflow
https://youtu.be/D0nQuJkJ0-M&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qbAPHntzvCBN3Rw2cs9wqm

Centralize, Protect, and Scale Your Algorithms
https://youtu.be/SLiEwTH1NOk&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qbAPHntzvCBN3Rw2cs9wqm

Component-Based Modeling in Simulink
https://youtu.be/fLVmzhCltHo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qbAPHntzvCBN3Rw2cs9wqm

Data-Free Parameter Pruning and Quantization
https://youtu.be/4xhRcOvHxzY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qbAPHntzvCBN3Rw2cs9wqm

Deploy a MATLAB Function as a Standalone Executable on Raspberry Pi Hardware from MATLAB Online
https://youtu.be/khC5DbsPA5c&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qbAPHntzvCBN3Rw2cs9wqm

Deploying MathWorks Software
https://youtu.be/vTXWE61Guq4&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qbAPHntzvCBN3Rw2cs9wqm

Designing and Optimizing MATLAB Algorithms for HDL Code Generation
https://youtu.be/eLPlA_LuK28&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qbAPHntzvCBN3Rw2cs9wqm

Easily Check Data Types in MATLAB Functions and Objects
https://youtu.be/z5KA5VjEkKM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qbAPHntzvCBN3Rw2cs9wqm

Generating Object-Oriented C++ Code from MATLAB Algorithms
https://youtu.be/ekmbotZZJU0&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qbAPHntzvCBN3Rw2cs9wqm

GUIDE to App Designer in 60 Seconds
https://youtu.be/wOSSjgvG-es&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qbAPHntzvCBN3Rw2cs9wqm

Hand Gesture Recognition Using Machine Learning on Arduino Hardware
https://youtu.be/e4qveZfQPv8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qbAPHntzvCBN3Rw2cs9wqm

How to Debug a Property Proving Counterexample
https://youtu.be/B5zTtHcVoxc&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qbAPHntzvCBN3Rw2cs9wqm

How to Merge App Designer Apps with the MATLAB Comparison Tool
https://youtu.be/v-dBlyTSXRU&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qbAPHntzvCBN3Rw2cs9wqm

Improving Efficiency in the MATLAB Live Editor
https://youtu.be/sBt_0navNJI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qbAPHntzvCBN3Rw2cs9wqm

MATLAB Help Center and Custom Doc Integrated Search
https://youtu.be/sbF-r1ww3yE&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qbAPHntzvCBN3Rw2cs9wqm

MATLAB Profiler with Flame Graph
https://youtu.be/uvZcGjNBjWU&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qbAPHntzvCBN3Rw2cs9wqm

Near Real-Time Streaming Analytics Using MATLAB Production Server
https://youtu.be/yzJYdrG8gw8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qbAPHntzvCBN3Rw2cs9wqm

Predictive Maintenance of a Duct Fan Using ThingSpeak and MATLAB
https://youtu.be/QrIQbrUmTfc&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qbAPHntzvCBN3Rw2cs9wqm

Setting Up a MATLAB Project for Continuous Integration in Jenkins and Azure Pipelines
https://youtu.be/2wTo0Hd_bd0&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qbAPHntzvCBN3Rw2cs9wqm

Sharing MATLAB Apps and Simulink Simulations Using MATLAB Web App Server
https://youtu.be/NLt8wEA4N2E&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qbAPHntzvCBN3Rw2cs9wqm

Stereo Visual SLAM for Automated Driving
https://youtu.be/Hdf50OGwgrg&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qbAPHntzvCBN3Rw2cs9wqm

Teaching Vibrations and Control Labs Online Using Simscape and MATLAB Apps
https://youtu.be/8nZ9zB8rWC4&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qbAPHntzvCBN3Rw2cs9wqm

Using Projects to Collaborate, Track, and Merge Changes and Perform Code Reviews
https://youtu.be/guG29EyDoKg&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qbAPHntzvCBN3Rw2cs9wqm

Using the C Caller Block to Call a C Function with a Global Variable Interface
https://youtu.be/ONrb_UYTWYs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qbAPHntzvCBN3Rw2cs9wqm

Visualize Your Code with Class Diagrams in MATLAB
https://youtu.be/LRJNIOdpuaA&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qbAPHntzvCBN3Rw2cs9wqm
Videos 1-25