
9 Steps to Awesome with Kubernetes by Burr Sutter
https://youtu.be/ZpbXSdzp_vo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

A Dozen Ways to Hack Your Brain to Write Fluently by Dan Allen
https://youtu.be/HRa3bbaUpSc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Beyond Kubernetes by Ray Tsang, Eric Bottard
https://youtu.be/HEWb1IWqT30&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Crypto currency, data mining and machine learning, wining combo  by Pierre Paci, Antoine Detante
https://youtu.be/cS57If6eXMQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Deep dive into using GraalVM for Java and JavaScript developers by Oleg Šelajev, Thomas Wuerthinger
https://youtu.be/a-XEZobXspo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Dude, Where's My Build Android CI CD at Uber by Gautam Korlam
https://youtu.be/ibvynmakz50&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Exploring Java Heap Dumps Java Language label Ryan Cuprak
https://youtu.be/9Cnm2lFBe0I&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Firebase ML Kit  Machine Learning made easy by Harshit Dwivedi
https://youtu.be/AJ18RqGJ6js&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Functional Exception Handling in Java with Vavr by Grzegorz Piwowarek
https://youtu.be/pPy-ETY8a-E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Functional Programming in Java   When, Why and How by Alasdair Collinson
https://youtu.be/plZYp2fLUVY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Google Serverless  Cloud Functions and beyond by Alexis Moussine Pouchkine
https://youtu.be/eVoUkB0s1VY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

GraphQL SPQR The fastest route to GraphQL by Bojan Tomić
https://youtu.be/iyt7PwkUWQA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Implementing Microservices Security Patterns & Protocols  by Joe Grandja, Adib Saikali
https://youtu.be/nrmQH5SqraA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Java Streams vs  Reactive Streams Which, When, How, and Why by Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/kG2SEcl1aMM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Lambdas and Streams Master Class Part 1 José Paumard, Stuart Marks voxxed
https://youtu.be/ePXnCezwRuw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Lambdas and Streams Master Class Part 2 by José Paumard, Stuart Marks
https://youtu.be/2c_KNH3s2S0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Life of a packet through Istio by Matt Turner
https://youtu.be/cB611FtjHcQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Madpig measure and deepen performance in go by Valentin Deleplace
https://youtu.be/dCXZx_yEilE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Power of cloud dev environments for your legacy projects by Stéphane Tournié, Etienne Vrignaud
https://youtu.be/UPwRgjrDRrw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Progressive Web Apps in action! by Guillaume Soldera, Fedi Salah
https://youtu.be/dBLl82M3J7I&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Selenium Tests the Object Oriented Way by Corina Pip
https://youtu.be/cAFk26WQBk8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Server-less functions with Micronaut by Alvaro Sanchez-Mariscal
https://youtu.be/0xnsbelwJQQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

The Silence of the Lambs Inspecting Source Code and Binaries by Michael Hüttermann
https://youtu.be/meC-u84o0xU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Tracing performance of your service calls with some help of Sleuth, Zipkin & ELK by Rafaëla Breed
https://youtu.be/3niDsBTci9M&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Traefik A Scalable and Highly Available Edge Router by Damien Duportalt
https://youtu.be/AqiGcLsVMeI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH
Videos 151-175