
Anna Melzer - How hard can it be! Practical uses of complexity theory  JSUnconf 2018
https://youtu.be/ljVPAqR-aF0&list=PL37ZVnwpeshEEJRcF9y_ksT3-X7ljKp1a

Anna Melzer - The algorithmic beauty of plants  JSUnconf 2018 Lightning Talks
https://youtu.be/B1CT5pLKVSM&list=PL37ZVnwpeshEEJRcF9y_ksT3-X7ljKp1a

Daniel Spitzer - Hacking create react app to use preact  JSUnconf 2018 Lightning Talks
https://youtu.be/UAxJCo3ZZ2w&list=PL37ZVnwpeshEEJRcF9y_ksT3-X7ljKp1a

Diana Ilithya - Health, mental health and what not   JSUnconf 2018 Lightning Talks
https://youtu.be/kVZCfOLymtM&list=PL37ZVnwpeshEEJRcF9y_ksT3-X7ljKp1a

Dominik Kundel - Introduction to Web Security  JSUnconf 2018
https://youtu.be/-vYak5hEGrY&list=PL37ZVnwpeshEEJRcF9y_ksT3-X7ljKp1a

Elmar Burke & Hans Christian Otto - Micro Frontends  JSUnconf 2018
https://youtu.be/xY8CaVQ2OHY&list=PL37ZVnwpeshEEJRcF9y_ksT3-X7ljKp1a

Emanuel Kluge - Going live on a budget!  JSUnconf 2018 Lightning Talks
https://youtu.be/2iU-Sh09IkY&list=PL37ZVnwpeshEEJRcF9y_ksT3-X7ljKp1a

Fabricius Seifert - Punchcard coding with CSS  JSUnconf 2018 Lightning Talks
https://youtu.be/UjHv5D-pcm8&list=PL37ZVnwpeshEEJRcF9y_ksT3-X7ljKp1a

Franco Speziali - In app browsers  JSUnconf 2018 Lightning Talks
https://youtu.be/SUKJsPSvrF0&list=PL37ZVnwpeshEEJRcF9y_ksT3-X7ljKp1a

Gregor Elke - A word from an organizer  JSUnconf 2018 Lightning Talks
https://youtu.be/zqihrf4YXiU&list=PL37ZVnwpeshEEJRcF9y_ksT3-X7ljKp1a

Istvan Szmozsanszky - AV1   JSUnconf 2018 Lightning Talks
https://youtu.be/hJ_oKpl8pIo&list=PL37ZVnwpeshEEJRcF9y_ksT3-X7ljKp1a

Johann Hofmann - Putting WebAssembly in your web app today!   JSUnconf 2018
https://youtu.be/-WtE0Bv6iSs&list=PL37ZVnwpeshEEJRcF9y_ksT3-X7ljKp1a

JSUnconf 2018 Mood video
https://youtu.be/hhN9GK44jR0&list=PL37ZVnwpeshEEJRcF9y_ksT3-X7ljKp1a

Julia Hurrelmann - The importance of cross cultural competency  JSUnconf 2018 Lightning Talks
https://youtu.be/dgdir5XDdOk&list=PL37ZVnwpeshEEJRcF9y_ksT3-X7ljKp1a

Karsten Buckstegge - Houdini the new CSS Magic   JSUnconf 2018
https://youtu.be/vZk7qPTVs5s&list=PL37ZVnwpeshEEJRcF9y_ksT3-X7ljKp1a

Lian Li - Machine Learning in the Browser  JSUnconf 2018
https://youtu.be/4fzgDaILoTc&list=PL37ZVnwpeshEEJRcF9y_ksT3-X7ljKp1a

Lisi Linhart - Native Web Animation  JSUnconf 2018
https://youtu.be/Nf_LOfzpric&list=PL37ZVnwpeshEEJRcF9y_ksT3-X7ljKp1a

Peter Müller - Check your links with hyperlink  JSUnconf 2018 Lightning Talks
https://youtu.be/1AAp2fn7yCU&list=PL37ZVnwpeshEEJRcF9y_ksT3-X7ljKp1a

Peter Müller - High Performance Web Fonts   JSUnconf 2018
https://youtu.be/xRMc0JtQEG0&list=PL37ZVnwpeshEEJRcF9y_ksT3-X7ljKp1a

Philipp Hinrichsen - Think outside the box  JSUnconf 2018 Lightning Talks
https://youtu.be/kmWlte7m8yI&list=PL37ZVnwpeshEEJRcF9y_ksT3-X7ljKp1a

Ramon Huidobro - The importance of taking a break  JSUnconf 2018 Lightning Talks
https://youtu.be/6T_6THrR5Qo&list=PL37ZVnwpeshEEJRcF9y_ksT3-X7ljKp1a

Robin Drexler - preconnect, prefetch, preload, pre what An intro to Resource Hints  JSUnconf 2018
https://youtu.be/6q75MVFLlok&list=PL37ZVnwpeshEEJRcF9y_ksT3-X7ljKp1a

Robyn Larsen - Down the SVG Rabbit Hole  JSUnconf 2018
https://youtu.be/IChfGN8nm5Q&list=PL37ZVnwpeshEEJRcF9y_ksT3-X7ljKp1a
JSUnconf 2018