
Algorithms to live by and why should we care
https://youtu.be/kxYL0EyYOKw

Building APIs you want to hug with GraphQL
https://youtu.be/lyJebJuG_sk

Cats, The Musical! Algorithmic Song Meow-ification
https://youtu.be/JTNPLwqJIDg

Celia King - Knitting and TDD
https://youtu.be/Xhyn9YcwM1o

Chris Aitchison - 10 non code tips to be a better team member
https://youtu.be/kdJzevi0aMQ

Closing Remarks - Friday
https://youtu.be/ma8Yf5Ecpjw

David Carlin - Refactoring in Ruby
https://youtu.be/HzxHBgsrBVY

Drew - Arguing with Ruby
https://youtu.be/me8CK_4TPpo

Environment Variables
https://youtu.be/N4hiqGwTRBU

Hacking Your Emotional API
https://youtu.be/OGDRUI8biTc

I Have ADD and So Can - Ooh, Shiny!
https://youtu.be/xX6qLuarYVs

Internet Legislation is Eating the World
https://youtu.be/MDBm6_udqLg

It's Down! Simulating Incidents in Production
https://youtu.be/NYZdambrG_I

Learn to make the point data visualisation strategy
https://youtu.be/4OkoJxR3jdM

Mechanically Confident
https://youtu.be/Btsx9YzhJVM

Michael Milewski - Actionable Errors in Rails 6
https://youtu.be/f65Eu_vl7OI

Michael Milewski - My experience with TCR
https://youtu.be/OvtkD4O2dcE

Michael Morris  - Making a game for Railscamp
https://youtu.be/L8Ql70FOWhE

Nick Wolf  - Avoiding arrest with Rubocop
https://youtu.be/PkZTlvLmpvw

Nick Wolf - Prying open Pry
https://youtu.be/TgC6YyKiWnI

Ryan Bigg - Magic Tricks in Ruby
https://youtu.be/lSiD3LZanPI

Vanessa Nimmo -  Unpacking Rails Helpers magic
https://youtu.be/A6JQ9fUhtcA

Views, from the top
https://youtu.be/VGWt1OLFzdU

What the hell is a JRuby
https://youtu.be/qJqC6xm-2PI

What were they thinking
https://youtu.be/KiGbAbjYAjI
Videos 101-125