
adam - How Disqus is using Django as the basis of our Service Oriented Architecture
https://youtu.be/i6wbu_COsMM&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Anselm Kruis - Post-Mortem Debugging with Heap-Dumps
https://youtu.be/oFYbjeXFT38&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Armin Rigo - Using All These Cores Transactional Memory in PyPy
https://youtu.be/tDaU238DNB0&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Armin RigoRomain Guillebert - PyPy status talk (a.k.a. no no, PyPy is not dead)
https://youtu.be/r6hGGURJwqo&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Ashikaga - Python for Zombies 15.000 enrolled in the first Brazilian MOOC to teach Python
https://youtu.be/Jqo-DJsTCao&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Benoit Chesneau - Concurrent programming with Python and my little experiment
https://youtu.be/9lfRjdASrAQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Carl Crowder - Automatic code reviews
https://youtu.be/3-PyXOrGICs&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Celia - 3D sensors and Python A space odyssey
https://youtu.be/hAC9E4VKHxk&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Florian Wilhelm - Extending Scikit-Learn with your own Regressor
https://youtu.be/u2tnvWyO3U0&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Francisco Fern치ndez Casta침o - Extending Python, what is the best option for me
https://youtu.be/GwqI3YQre_4&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Francisco Fern치ndez Casta침o - Graph Databases, a little connected tour
https://youtu.be/vfMWfVlscFM&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Jim Baker - Scalable Realtime Architectures in Python
https://youtu.be/8QeFAJ9o1-o&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Jozef - Amanda A New Generation of Distributed Services Framework
https://youtu.be/Whd2LfousHk&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Jyrki Pulliainen - Packaging in packaging dh-virtualenv
https://youtu.be/KRawfCQvCCk&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Magdalena Rother - How to become a software developer in science
https://youtu.be/lypO8BDfEL0&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Matt Williams - Ganga an interface to the LHC computing grid
https://youtu.be/4KYSHq0fyVc&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Naomi Ceder - Farewell and Welcome Home Python in Two Genders
https://youtu.be/jWFmfbxnANo&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Ralph Heinkel - Combining the powerful worlds of Python and R
https://youtu.be/3kvJK-Tq-eo&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Simon Cross - Conversing with people living in poverty
https://youtu.be/gbwJwt574DU&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Stefan Schwarzer - Support Python 2 and 3 with the same code
https://youtu.be/9vNr_ZzZZAk&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Tarashish Mishra - Building Realtime Web Applications with WebRTC and Python
https://youtu.be/l_oM2CJmtuQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Thomas Wiecki - Probabilistic Programming in Python
https://youtu.be/KqTUNJ1smYM&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Valerio Maggio - Traversing Mazes the pythonic way and other Algorithmic Adventures
https://youtu.be/svA4k9UzSZE&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

whitone - GNULinux Hardware Emulation with Python
https://youtu.be/fmc1Je3VLKI&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz

Yves - Performance Python for Numerical Algorithms
https://youtu.be/0vNIF7XVT7Q&list=PL8uoeex94UhEomMao7wuOrOGuj3jxJYlz
Videos 51-75