
Alan Dipert  Integrating React.js and Shiny  RStudio (2019)
https://youtu.be/ohUZNk5WCGQ&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRbLoj3FyL5zeASU5FMDgVe

Barret Schloerke  Maximize computing resources using future_promise()  RStudio
https://youtu.be/3gtk8uRrrL4&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRbLoj3FyL5zeASU5FMDgVe

Barret Schloerke  {reactlog} Rundown  RStudio
https://youtu.be/slXcW99ftk4&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRbLoj3FyL5zeASU5FMDgVe

Carson Sievert  Custom theming in Shiny & R Markdown with bslib & thematic  RStudio
https://youtu.be/zAqoLCQ83Ns&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRbLoj3FyL5zeASU5FMDgVe

Carson Sievert  Custom Theming with {bslib} in Shiny and R Markdown using bs_theme()  RStudio
https://youtu.be/WisrcQ89igY&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRbLoj3FyL5zeASU5FMDgVe

Carson Sievert  Customizing Navigation Items in Shiny using {bslib}  RStudio
https://youtu.be/VNbab8bro2c&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRbLoj3FyL5zeASU5FMDgVe

Carson Sievert  Developing Shiny Custom Themes in Real Time Using {bslib} RStudio
https://youtu.be/8fNWpCt3xo4&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRbLoj3FyL5zeASU5FMDgVe

Carson Sievert  Using tagQuery() from {htmltools} to modify HTML snippets in R  RStudio
https://youtu.be/jVh05izjHMI&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRbLoj3FyL5zeASU5FMDgVe

Colin Fay  Production-grade Shiny Apps with golem  RStudio (2020)
https://youtu.be/SE6TnUV4nC4&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRbLoj3FyL5zeASU5FMDgVe

Dr. Carson Sievert  Reproducible Shiny apps with shinymeta  RStudio (2020)
https://youtu.be/HK0Y40bX7JI&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRbLoj3FyL5zeASU5FMDgVe

GA Tech  Communicating with 8 Million People through Shiny  RStudio
https://youtu.be/BmpnfLLrr4w&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRbLoj3FyL5zeASU5FMDgVe

James Blair  Getting Started with {plumbertableau}  RStudio
https://youtu.be/7IZDfl-h1rI&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRbLoj3FyL5zeASU5FMDgVe

Joe Cheng  Shiny in production Principles, practices, and tools  RStudio (2019)
https://youtu.be/Wy3TY0gOmJw&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRbLoj3FyL5zeASU5FMDgVe

Joe Cheng  Styling Shiny apps with Sass and Bootstrap 4  RStudio (2020)
https://youtu.be/GHBwprI_Py4&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRbLoj3FyL5zeASU5FMDgVe

Managing COVID vaccine distribution in West Virginia  RStudio
https://youtu.be/CYilc-rEgjg&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRbLoj3FyL5zeASU5FMDgVe

Mine Ã‡etinkaya-Rundel  Making the Shiny Contest  RStudio (2020)
https://youtu.be/Tx90IBAmd-s&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRbLoj3FyL5zeASU5FMDgVe

Nick Strayer  Part IV Styling a Shiny Wordle App with CSS  RStudio
https://youtu.be/4_tX4IUDJZ0&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRbLoj3FyL5zeASU5FMDgVe

Olga Mierzwa-Sulima  Best Practices for Developing Shiny Apps  RStudio
https://youtu.be/iUVyDr-TWyU&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRbLoj3FyL5zeASU5FMDgVe

Programming Games with Shiny  Dragon Realm  RStudio
https://youtu.be/sD39WAZo99A&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRbLoj3FyL5zeASU5FMDgVe

Rich Iannone  Making Beautiful Tables with {gt}  RStudio
https://youtu.be/z0UGmMOxl-c&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRbLoj3FyL5zeASU5FMDgVe

Rich Iannone  {gt} Intendo Game Data Project Walkthrough  RStudio
https://youtu.be/aPRVzk9pvno&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRbLoj3FyL5zeASU5FMDgVe

Tom Mock & Shannon Haggerty  Theming Shiny and RMarkdown with {thematic} & {bslib}  RStudio
https://youtu.be/z-uFVfsaVzc&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRbLoj3FyL5zeASU5FMDgVe

Winston Chang  Part I Build a Basic Wordle App with Shiny  RStudio
https://youtu.be/quvz4xLbW88&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRbLoj3FyL5zeASU5FMDgVe

Winston Chang  Part II Handling Duplicate Letters in a Shiny Wordle App  RStudio
https://youtu.be/01VOq_GMEAA&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRbLoj3FyL5zeASU5FMDgVe

Winston Chang  Part III Adding a Keyboard to a Wordle Shiny App  RStudio
https://youtu.be/v3jHh-IKXLc&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oRbLoj3FyL5zeASU5FMDgVe
Videos 1-25