
Lecture 21 File Handling in C++ Part 3 Hindi
https://youtu.be/hCkfBhaW6E0&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 22 Initializers in C++ Hindi
https://youtu.be/VkgNGUbVi5Y&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 23 Deep Copy and Shallow Copy in C++ Hindi
https://youtu.be/nCAVr_T4DbM&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 24 Type Conversion Primitive to class type in C++ Hindi
https://youtu.be/SBcIjz3cy3k&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 25 Type Conversion Class type to primitive type in C++ Hindi
https://youtu.be/RPRXbJ5Qjys&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 26 Type Conversion one class type to another class type in C++ Hindi
https://youtu.be/QOQhOUFfv_8&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 27 Exception Handling in C++ Hindi
https://youtu.be/asekOytwNw4&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 28 Dynamic Constructor in C++ Hindi
https://youtu.be/BLGoojsl34Q&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 29 namespace in C++ Part 1 of 2 Hindi
https://youtu.be/cKYTFmn_5tA&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 29 namespace in C++ Part 2 of 2 Hindi
https://youtu.be/xzvp39aLs1Y&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 30 Virtual Destructor in C++ Hindi
https://youtu.be/JXHJZJXKP64&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 31 Nested Class in C++ Hindi
https://youtu.be/WE01T8okZTA&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 32 Introduction to STL in C++ Hindi
https://youtu.be/2HiObtJLNFY&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 33 STL Containers in C++ Hindi
https://youtu.be/bLlrNx4F6LU&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 34 Array in STL in C++ Hindi
https://youtu.be/5XiQ9-fi7v8&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 35 pair in STL in C++ Hindi
https://youtu.be/QSlFfMCOc9I&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 36 Tuple in STL in C++ Hindi
https://youtu.be/0qXYrvN66yk&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 37 Vector Class in STL in C++ Hindi
https://youtu.be/L7VFlpbj7Zc&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 38 List class in STL in C++ Hindi
https://youtu.be/pwfeTK2Tlj8&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 39 map class in STL in C++ Hindi
https://youtu.be/9ZbB6OfM7lQ&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 40 string class in C++ Part 1 Hindi
https://youtu.be/EDnU1Ja3IxQ&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

Lecture 40 string class in C++ Part 2 Hindi
https://youtu.be/NNt3ymvGgQQ&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

seekg and seekp functions in C++ Hindi
https://youtu.be/UZ9BaKkmKME&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF

tellg and tellp in C++ language Hindi
https://youtu.be/m1doZoZyAw0&list=PLLYz8uHU480j37APNXBdPz7YzAi4XlQUF
Videos 51-74