
10 tips to become an awesome Technical Lead by Bart Blommaerts
https://youtu.be/4TmSIPmf3sE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

55 New Features In JDK 9 by Simon Ritter
https://youtu.be/9EiLRD95zDg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

A reasonable overview of Java 9 and how you could think of it by Oleg Šelajev
https://youtu.be/VVU39dJfQ04&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Apache Spark If only it worked by Marcin Szymaniuk
https://youtu.be/jqAnidsuhTY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Automate your docs, automate yourself by Chris Ward
https://youtu.be/S8Q5Z02B9yA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Autoscaling in Kubernetes by Maciej Pytel
https://youtu.be/y9CYnjlWKok&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Concurrency Concepts in Java by Douglas Hawkins
https://youtu.be/ADxUsCkWdbE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Cracking the Code to Secure Software by Daniel Sawano and Daniel Deogun
https://youtu.be/j0M9Vpje5R4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Crash Coaching - Agile coaching for dangerous feedback by Ove Lindström
https://youtu.be/O1_mrp-1irg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Devoxx Poland 2017 Opening by Grzegorz Duda
https://youtu.be/P8N9V-baZe8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Four Distributed Systems Architectural Patterns by Tim Berglund
https://youtu.be/BO761Fj6HH8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Learning to fly by Krzysztof Kudrynski and Blazej Kubiak
https://youtu.be/RFClcxX95fE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Microservices - the naked truth of the maintainability by Jakub Kubrynski
https://youtu.be/YQp85GzoxqA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

OpenJ9 Under the hood of the next open source JVM by Bjørn Vårdal
https://youtu.be/96XoG6xcnys&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Polytech Careerism by Ted Neward
https://youtu.be/GKhvS_F4U4A&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

PsyPhilProg by Ted Neward
https://youtu.be/daOKYdlWx8E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Reactive programming in Java by Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/ZNXCmG2MTzw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Reactive Spring by Juergen Hoeller and Josh Long
https://youtu.be/qWlICJg1V8o&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Resilient Architecture by Matt Stine
https://youtu.be/vKSujqS80X0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Security and Microservices by Sam Newman
https://youtu.be/SvPEE-DXNvc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Speed without Discipline a Recipe for Disaster by Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/pnRAnP8MgBc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Spring Framework 5 Themes & Trends by Juergen Hoeller
https://youtu.be/ETFe3KiYwt8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

The Art of Clean Code by Victor Rentea
https://youtu.be/MADng0g2m74&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

The Language of Actors by Vaughn Vernon
https://youtu.be/GgM8pp2et0A&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

To the Cloud by Nate Schutta
https://youtu.be/BTOSKjmYHPI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH
Videos 76-100