
Python Basics Tutorial 1000 Subscribers
https://youtu.be/peqgjktbgf0

Python Basics Tutorial Calendar Calendar Method
https://youtu.be/McPATEJq7P4

Python Basics Tutorial Calendar Month Range Function
https://youtu.be/UT8_xstqZL0

Python Basics Tutorial Datetime Datetime Object
https://youtu.be/xf2tzlMcu1A

Python Basics Tutorial Datetime TimeDelta
https://youtu.be/rHVAKk6sJGE

Python Basics Tutorial Decorator Intro
https://youtu.be/N0y9yGz9vKU

Python Basics Tutorial Django Set up
https://youtu.be/pSUd85rpZcA

Python Basics Tutorial How to Create a 3D Plot With Matplotlib
https://youtu.be/QsPItyYMwCo

Python Basics Tutorial How to Tab Between Kivy TextInput
https://youtu.be/J0VfiimpP08

Python Basics Tutorial Matplotlib 3rd y axis with Tightlayout
https://youtu.be/UCJR86kaO9M

Python Basics Tutorial More Numpy Slicing
https://youtu.be/sNSJEsu36IA

Python Basics Tutorial Numpy Advance Indexing Broadcast
https://youtu.be/XjlBthw-KV4

Python Basics Tutorial Pandas Date Range Function
https://youtu.be/FG9_bZ3QAFI

Python Basics Tutorial Pandas Ffill (frontfill) and Bfill (backfill)  Methods
https://youtu.be/3nJkPVrw44k

Python Basics Tutorial Pandas Time Series Preview
https://youtu.be/neAoTqhMD8M

Python Basics Tutorial Pygame Mixer Music Intro
https://youtu.be/S9AyWvXFJAs

Python Basics Tutorial Pygame Mixer Sound Play Arguments
https://youtu.be/n4VTbsP4xiI

Python Basics Tutorial Requested Video Sample Code
https://youtu.be/ZKWjclZ6aOg

Python Basics Tutorial Run Django Development Server
https://youtu.be/rpBlekhWDag

Python Basics Tutorial Sqlite Primary Key Auto Increment
https://youtu.be/o9KpmRGdtzM

Python Basics Tutorial Taking a Break to Ensure 100 Percent Effort
https://youtu.be/s_btGszkbVY

Python Basics Tutorial Thank You As Always
https://youtu.be/c2VEG5eY3fg

Python Basics Tutorial Tkinter Messagebox Ask Yes No Cancel
https://youtu.be/IGwf9HmXBXw

Python Basics Tutorial Tkinter Multi  and Multi key Button Binding
https://youtu.be/VxOG-MUZqBc

Python Basics Tutorial Write to Sqlite Database from Kivy TextInput
https://youtu.be/XY8E0QVmwII
Videos 351-375