
Enter The Gungeon - Shootin' Stars!
https://youtu.be/woDNJ8ISZcs

Hyper Light Drifter - Driftin' with Style
https://youtu.be/IqdPxiKeQLk

Live Game Jam This Weekend! - Ludum Dare 35
https://youtu.be/p0VjhqJYt9M

Mobile Simon Game Tutorial #4 - Playing & Extending Light Sequence
https://youtu.be/rMkaql0wLv0

Mobile Simon Game Tutorial #5 - Adding Sound Effects
https://youtu.be/chIwXBavbTw

Mobile Simon Game Tutorial #6 - Scores & High Scores
https://youtu.be/UfIBMHIrpGg

Neon Chrome - Cyberpunk Shootin!
https://youtu.be/na8eoD_U2pg

Pro Gamer Manager - It's Barely A Game!
https://youtu.be/FLoXwfnvzis

ShipShifters! - My Ludum Dare Game Jam Entry!
https://youtu.be/_a5920kjC88

Slap Challenge - Brother vs. Brother NHL13
https://youtu.be/2GdrIR_qh6s

Stardew Valley #4   Rainy Days
https://youtu.be/RpyGRJGZYKQ

Stardew Valley #5 - Geodes & Fish
https://youtu.be/HJk1Sk0bzgs

Stardew Valley #6 - Master of Mining
https://youtu.be/zIAbiaYARvY

Stardew Valley #7 - Community Center Opens!
https://youtu.be/aXFmQB52uMU

Stardew Valley #8   It's Wizard Time!
https://youtu.be/0Buf0NDhJL4

Stardew Valley 3 - Fishing Master
https://youtu.be/BCEat_QIAH0

Unity RPG Tutorial #26 - NPC Movement
https://youtu.be/5owq_9lptdE

Unity RPG Tutorial #27 - Constraining Movement
https://youtu.be/rTVZ1O12Vec

Unity RPG Tutorial #28   Dialogue Boxes
https://youtu.be/BrCxFpZFRS0

Unity RPG Tutorial #29 - Multiple Dialogue Lines
https://youtu.be/cVS9-nPmzGg

Unity RPG Tutorial #30 - Stopping Movement During Dialogue
https://youtu.be/KWNzLT46w9Q

Unity RPG Tutorial #31 - Creating Quests!
https://youtu.be/oH-OFyJFrC8

Unity RPG Tutorial #32 - Basic Location Quest
https://youtu.be/d3yc8RG3Xro

Unity Simple Audio Manager #1 - Switching Music Tracks
https://youtu.be/XoH8Qyqje1g

Unity Simple Audio Manager #2   Keeping Music Between Levels
https://youtu.be/uNX5NrHvfWY
Videos 226-250