
A Bridge Too Far Official Trailer #1 - Sean Connery, Michael Caine Movie (1977) HD
https://youtu.be/AWL184ZcSxA&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE

All Quiet on the Western Front Official Trailer #1 - Lew Ayres Movie (1930) HD
https://youtu.be/grapXipP3fM&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE

American Sniper Official Trailer #1 (2015) - Bradley Cooper Movie HD
https://youtu.be/MItGoIxoVGk&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE

American Warfighter Trailer #1 (2019)  Movieclips Indie
https://youtu.be/GbE0UETQwe4&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE

Apocalypse Now (1979) Official Trailer - Martin Sheen, Robert Duvall Drama Movie HD
https://youtu.be/FTjG-Aux_yQ&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE

Black Hawk Down (2001) Official Trailer 1 - Ewan McGregor Movie
https://youtu.be/2GfBkC3qs78&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE

Deleted video
https://youtu.be/x9f6JaaX7Wg&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE

Dirty Dozen (1967) Official Trailer - Lee Marvin, John Cassavetes World War 2 Movie HD
https://youtu.be/ff1V6ywnWcY&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE

Kelly's Heroes (1970) Official Trailer - Clint Eastwood, Donald Sutherland War Movie HD
https://youtu.be/Iby1Ni0VJxg&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE

Korengal Official Trailer #1 (2014) - War Documentary Sequel HD
https://youtu.be/4weioyMLDZ8&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE

Lone Survivor Official Trailer #1 (2013) - Mark Wahlberg Movie HD
https://youtu.be/yoLFk4JK_RM&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE

Midway Official Trailer #1 - Charlton Heston Movie (1976) HD
https://youtu.be/2CGbpbclYyQ&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE

Platoon Official Trailer #1 - Charlie Sheen, Keith David Movie (1986) HD
https://youtu.be/hGsyEkfjhQk&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE

Sergeant York (1941) Official Trailer - Gary Cooper, Walter Brennan Movie HD
https://youtu.be/p1vYUn2PRas&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE

Thank You for Your Service B-Roll (2017)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/n9WvJcdd36I&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE

Thank You for Your Service Featurette - A Look Inside (2017)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/fm8Z79xK6t8&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE

Thank You for Your Service Featurette - The Men Behind the Story (2017)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/ThplEbQFA-8&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE

Thank You for Your Service Movie Clip - Get Solo on the Bus (2017)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/Lg-L3FzdkEI&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE

Thank You for Your Service Movie Clip - Glad to be Alive (2017)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/4CMvK6m-Eo0&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE

Thank You for Your Service Movie Clip - VA is Backed Up (2017)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/_DtT3ZT1bOk&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE

Thank You for Your Service Trailer #1 (2017)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/50LQGcb5knE&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE

The Catcher Was a Spy Trailer #1 (2018)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/CkH-MHBItdQ&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE

The Green Berets (1968) Official Trailer # 1 - John Wayne HD
https://youtu.be/2xhfSWEbbhM&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE

The Yellow Birds Trailer #1 (2018)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/h1sLHvmKAkM&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE

Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo Official Trailer #1 - Van Johnson Movie (1944) HD
https://youtu.be/9V9ik07qvMM&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE

Unbroken Official Trailer #1 (2014) - Angelina Jolie Directed Movie HD
https://youtu.be/XrjJbl7kRrI&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE

War Horse (2011) Trailer 2 HD - Steven Spielberg Movie
https://youtu.be/JPNyNr2Kp4w&list=PLScC8g4bqD46UIcHQsevpnliSneq4HioE
Military Movie Spotlight