
(Deep) Learning to Fly by Krzysztof Kudrynski & Blazej Kubiak
https://youtu.be/p3AayvQSQ10&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrW0ezEMr5zhoF7ZnXSNp7R

10KB or Bust The Delicate Power of Webpack and Babel by Brian Holt
https://youtu.be/cy4rCi9mry4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrW0ezEMr5zhoF7ZnXSNp7R

A cloud application journey with Helm and Kubernetes by Ana-Maria Mihălceanu
https://youtu.be/WybqRioUaFg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrW0ezEMr5zhoF7ZnXSNp7R

A Thorough Look into Spatial Mapping with HoloLens by Rafał Legiędź
https://youtu.be/vycKsVJ1eAA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrW0ezEMr5zhoF7ZnXSNp7R

Advanced Pipelines for Hypothesis-Driven Development Smart Routers... by Edson Yanaga
https://youtu.be/uH-mPVFVVRA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrW0ezEMr5zhoF7ZnXSNp7R

Advanced search for your legacy application by David Pilato
https://youtu.be/3aK5vnPPRcw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrW0ezEMr5zhoF7ZnXSNp7R

Blockchain applications in the banking industry by Nicolas Boitout and Mihai Iancu
https://youtu.be/Bp5nSQtuMKU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrW0ezEMr5zhoF7ZnXSNp7R

Blockchain – a paradigm shift for business by Kaustav Bhattacharya
https://youtu.be/aoPUubUTxAs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrW0ezEMr5zhoF7ZnXSNp7R

Flying services with a drone by Krzysztof Kudrynski
https://youtu.be/z50r9jo9pyw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrW0ezEMr5zhoF7ZnXSNp7R

Fn Project – an open source container native serverless platform by David Delabassée
https://youtu.be/yzmHIOIA0x4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrW0ezEMr5zhoF7ZnXSNp7R

How to mess up your Angular UI Components by Cagatay Civici
https://youtu.be/ARYR5G5U8nk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrW0ezEMr5zhoF7ZnXSNp7R

JPA Essentials Workshop – Fundamental Concepts and Common Pitfalls by Victor Rentea
https://youtu.be/r_E6W2d9x5w&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrW0ezEMr5zhoF7ZnXSNp7R

Keynote Dockerizing legacy apps by Sergey Pronin & Eugene Dounar
https://youtu.be/iDFV0yHR8Mc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrW0ezEMr5zhoF7ZnXSNp7R

Kotlin Next level of Android Development by Marcin Moskala
https://youtu.be/22cjP5beLQA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrW0ezEMr5zhoF7ZnXSNp7R

Legacy, for lack of a better word, is good by Uberto Barbini
https://youtu.be/skXD60x-rEM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrW0ezEMr5zhoF7ZnXSNp7R

Microservices Data Patterns CQRS & Event Sourcing by Edson Yanaga
https://youtu.be/bdBfbIiR95k&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrW0ezEMr5zhoF7ZnXSNp7R

Robotic Process Automation – Ushering in the Age of the Digital Workforce by Silviu Ciocoiu
https://youtu.be/2maFYWcPm6Q&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrW0ezEMr5zhoF7ZnXSNp7R

Serverless beyond Functions by Danilo Poccia
https://youtu.be/2EOELazbcGs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrW0ezEMr5zhoF7ZnXSNp7R

Spring into Kotlin How to Make the Magic even more Magical by Mark Heckler
https://youtu.be/YkqnJWIoi00&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrW0ezEMr5zhoF7ZnXSNp7R

State management in a GraphQL era by Kristijan Ristovski
https://youtu.be/LskQM9M9ZYQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrW0ezEMr5zhoF7ZnXSNp7R

The Hitchhiker’s guide to Java class reloading by Anton Arhipov
https://youtu.be/-oCQu4rG85k&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrW0ezEMr5zhoF7ZnXSNp7R

The new Voxxed websites using JHipster, Angular and GitLab by Stephan Janssen
https://youtu.be/SRyDJC1Ff0M&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrW0ezEMr5zhoF7ZnXSNp7R

The quantum computers are coming by Alasdair Collinson
https://youtu.be/E446mus5w4Q&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrW0ezEMr5zhoF7ZnXSNp7R

Transaction Synchronization and Spring Application Events by Bartłomiej Słota
https://youtu.be/h8TWQM6fKNQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrW0ezEMr5zhoF7ZnXSNp7R

Using Git as a NoSql Database by Kenneth Truyers
https://youtu.be/nPPlyjMlQ34&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrW0ezEMr5zhoF7ZnXSNp7R
Videos 1-25