
A  Sinan Unur   Move over PRS Interactive classrooms with Perl
https://youtu.be/U9lGkEFFzi4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Andrew Johnson   Distributed Processing Applications with Helios
https://youtu.be/Xjn07yqMLwE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

apeiron   Perl + Pathfinder == 3
https://youtu.be/TGXKr_xw89g&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Belden Lyman   A Test Driven Developers Cookbook
https://youtu.be/O1KD9zFrifE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Breno de Oliveira   DataPrinter   A New Look on Dumping Variables
https://youtu.be/IErlsZO1Dww&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Breno de Oliveira   The Perl from Ipanema
https://youtu.be/jRjjvHppHMA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Brock Wilcox   NoiseGen Generate Sound With Perl  Blips and Beeps
https://youtu.be/pMZ4ilLzKW8&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Chris Prather   The Secret Diary of a Small Perl Shop
https://youtu.be/23sFIOpeqR8&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Damian Conway on RegexpDebugger at YAPCNA 2012
https://youtu.be/zcSFIUiMgAs&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Jacinta Richardson   Putting the ideas together, a hands on tutorial of modern Perl
https://youtu.be/fICpCo3pMsk&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Joel Berger   Modeling Physical Systems with Modern Object Oriented Perl
https://youtu.be/YnW1hTVQYfA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

John Anderson   Code Fast, Die Young, Throw Structured Exceptions
https://youtu.be/pCTEdV49p1o&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

John Anderson   Tweakers Anonymous
https://youtu.be/A3_lY-zlzik&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Josh Jore   Practical Tools for Perl Emergencies
https://youtu.be/WK9Y9gmyTss&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Karen Pauley   Perl Foundation Address1
https://youtu.be/yPWY4Ccg8oo&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Karen Pauley  - The Perl Foundation Review.flv
https://youtu.be/e5-MXD7NEn0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Mark Keating   Embrace your Community
https://youtu.be/6xUR83ndsuo&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Maxim Grigoriev - Best of two worlds - Drupal and Modern Perl
https://youtu.be/DgxsuClc87g&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Mike Friedman   Building Scalable, Distributed Job Queues with Redis and RedisClient
https://youtu.be/ztyyn7hmcJo&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Nathan Gray   Pair Programming and Code Review
https://youtu.be/TttKgJAKYcs&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

none   duck duck go logo
https://youtu.be/3DqqjzMq3YI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Patrick Michaud   Introducing Camilia
https://youtu.be/SuY8FOIb7I0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Private video
https://youtu.be/GC3or94hwQg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ
Videos 101-125