
Alison tries out the Oculus Rift and Omni - Nerd HQ (2013) - Alison Haislip
https://youtu.be/vu2wlssFqyg&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic Book Movies Nerd Machine Discussion - HD Movie - Alison Haislip
https://youtu.be/t7c3zfRygRY&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic Con Must See - Friday July 19, 2013 HD
https://youtu.be/dkkQu818Vhg&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic Con Must See - Saturday July 20, 2013 HD
https://youtu.be/X_NzMaIxhBA&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic Con Must See - Sunday July 21, 2013 HD
https://youtu.be/FXKjM2xndiE&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic Con Must See - Thursday July 18, 2013 HD
https://youtu.be/Br1YpmJSN4Y&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic Con The Cast of 'Black Sails' Interview - THR
https://youtu.be/xnAoFr-U81s&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic-Con 'Insidious 2' Stars Praise 'Star Wars' for Loving All Body Types - THR
https://youtu.be/oaHfYIar8JE&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic-Con 'Kick-Ass 2' Star Lindy Booth Takes Over THR's Lounge
https://youtu.be/fL5WdsPrfbk&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic-Con 300 Rise of an Empire Conversation Highlights - Nerd HQ (2013) HD - Eva Green
https://youtu.be/i5qsv-ofp6Y&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic-Con Alan Tudyk Interview San Diego 2013 - HD Movie
https://youtu.be/sIxfXCPJgyI&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic-Con Cosplay Day 1 San Diego 2013 - HD Movie
https://youtu.be/6AyY4oJL7jI&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic-Con Cosplay Day 2 San Diego 2013 - HD
https://youtu.be/9Kn1K8jNy70&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic-Con Ender's Game Ender's Experience 2013 - HD
https://youtu.be/tQ0YLj5ZnM0&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic-Con Glove and Boots - Exclusive Interview - Nerd HQ (2013) HD - Mario and Fafa
https://youtu.be/pbtjLQmCu44&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic-Con James Hetfield on 'Metallica Through the Never' Interview - THR
https://youtu.be/LdvfKCfKT3c&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic-Con Joe Manganiello - Exclusive Interview - Nerd HQ (2013) HD - Alison Haislip
https://youtu.be/US6TRkUs-UU&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic-Con Joss Whedon Highlights Conversation - Nerd HQ (2013) HD - Nathan Fillion
https://youtu.be/hNXf2cYa47U&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic-Con Kick-Ass 2 Conversation Highlights - Nerd HQ (2013) HD - Christopher Mintz-Plasse
https://youtu.be/5TcelO1famM&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic-Con Nathan Fillion Interview (2013) - with Alison Haislip HD
https://youtu.be/bes61BKEEPo&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic-Con Rob Kazinsky Interview (2013) - with Alison Haislip HD
https://youtu.be/UwVnnZhPXQE&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic-Con Slash Geeks Out Over Horror Flicks, SpongeBob - THR
https://youtu.be/0Gcw5kR0kQg&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic-Con Stan Lee - Exclusive Interview - Nerd HQ (2013) HD - Alison Haislip
https://youtu.be/LYYoHtvCTe0&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic-Con The Cast of 'NTSFSDSUV' on Fighting Terrorism - THR
https://youtu.be/vYwja0ODs0Q&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic-Con The Stars of 'Orphan Black' on Their Festival Debut Interview - THR
https://youtu.be/klJCYgCDNWs&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic-Con THR's Costume Contest Day 1
https://youtu.be/TUQ6vsObK-A&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic-Con THR's Costume Contest Day 2
https://youtu.be/xXyVqve2DvE&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic-Con Tour of the floor at Nerd HQ San Diego 2013 - HD Movie
https://youtu.be/QTsx2qRRONo&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Comic-Con Video 'Game of Thrones' Kit Harington Interview - THR
https://youtu.be/2m2YL4P1Fw8&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Star Wars Nerd Machine Discussion - HD Movie - Alison Haislip
https://youtu.be/ndON4TxzpzA&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Summer Blockbusters Nerd Machine Discussion - HD Movie - Alison Haislip
https://youtu.be/6k_79Tk5E0g&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

The Walking Dead Escape - Zombie Run Comic-Con 2013 - Alison Haislip
https://youtu.be/bb9HTg6PpR0&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5

Tom Hiddleston Loki Interview Comic-Con San Diego 2013 - HD Movie
https://youtu.be/nkKdhtc1hNo&list=PLScC8g4bqD45SXe8DACmMuSDIfI4E24O5
Movieclips at Comic-Con 2013