
Python Basics Tutorial 1000 Subscribers
https://youtu.be/peqgjktbgf0&list=PLaYT64KWZAENozTjSmxTECE5zCiFoHuUX

Python Basics Tutorial Calendar Month Range Function
https://youtu.be/UT8_xstqZL0&list=PLaYT64KWZAENozTjSmxTECE5zCiFoHuUX

Python Basics Tutorial Calendar Weekheader
https://youtu.be/AG7yKfTHNlo&list=PLaYT64KWZAENozTjSmxTECE5zCiFoHuUX

Python Basics Tutorial Datetime Datetime Object
https://youtu.be/xf2tzlMcu1A&list=PLaYT64KWZAENozTjSmxTECE5zCiFoHuUX

Python Basics Tutorial Django Set up
https://youtu.be/pSUd85rpZcA&list=PLaYT64KWZAENozTjSmxTECE5zCiFoHuUX

Python Basics Tutorial Find What Works For You
https://youtu.be/5xeF7-NwptA&list=PLaYT64KWZAENozTjSmxTECE5zCiFoHuUX

Python Basics Tutorial How to Create a 3D Plot With Matplotlib
https://youtu.be/QsPItyYMwCo&list=PLaYT64KWZAENozTjSmxTECE5zCiFoHuUX

Python Basics Tutorial Install Django
https://youtu.be/GxLTwiwPhxE&list=PLaYT64KWZAENozTjSmxTECE5zCiFoHuUX

Python Basics Tutorial Kivy TextInput Text
https://youtu.be/Ka6bRD3ynnE&list=PLaYT64KWZAENozTjSmxTECE5zCiFoHuUX

Python Basics Tutorial Matplotlib 3D Preview
https://youtu.be/sCPjMPpEcXI&list=PLaYT64KWZAENozTjSmxTECE5zCiFoHuUX

Python Basics Tutorial More Numpy Slicing
https://youtu.be/sNSJEsu36IA&list=PLaYT64KWZAENozTjSmxTECE5zCiFoHuUX

Python Basics Tutorial Numpy Array Tolist Method
https://youtu.be/jn2KEsKk2dw&list=PLaYT64KWZAENozTjSmxTECE5zCiFoHuUX

Python Basics Tutorial Pandas DataFrame Fillna Method
https://youtu.be/ZDrY5-_e4b0&list=PLaYT64KWZAENozTjSmxTECE5zCiFoHuUX

Python Basics Tutorial Pandas Time Series Preview
https://youtu.be/neAoTqhMD8M&list=PLaYT64KWZAENozTjSmxTECE5zCiFoHuUX

Python Basics Tutorial Playlist Resources
https://youtu.be/lUOtrZiIupY&list=PLaYT64KWZAENozTjSmxTECE5zCiFoHuUX

Python Basics Tutorial Pygame Add Explosion Sound
https://youtu.be/HQypu5zWxFo&list=PLaYT64KWZAENozTjSmxTECE5zCiFoHuUX

Python Basics Tutorial Pygame Mixer Sound Play Arguments
https://youtu.be/n4VTbsP4xiI&list=PLaYT64KWZAENozTjSmxTECE5zCiFoHuUX

Python Basics Tutorial Pygame Sprite Collide
https://youtu.be/bQnEQvyS1Ns&list=PLaYT64KWZAENozTjSmxTECE5zCiFoHuUX

Python Basics Tutorial Repeat Pattern With One For Loop
https://youtu.be/s7xZ8ugvYhU&list=PLaYT64KWZAENozTjSmxTECE5zCiFoHuUX

Python Basics Tutorial Requested Video Method to My Madness
https://youtu.be/Xzazk35pB9s&list=PLaYT64KWZAENozTjSmxTECE5zCiFoHuUX

Python Basics Tutorial Sqlite3 Row Object
https://youtu.be/lSNDsCajYD8&list=PLaYT64KWZAENozTjSmxTECE5zCiFoHuUX

Python Basics Tutorial Tkinter Multi  and Multi key Button Binding
https://youtu.be/VxOG-MUZqBc&list=PLaYT64KWZAENozTjSmxTECE5zCiFoHuUX

Python Basics Tutorial Tkinter Yes or No Pop Up Window to Exit
https://youtu.be/i894k4OBXHU&list=PLaYT64KWZAENozTjSmxTECE5zCiFoHuUX

Python Basics Tutorial Week Off and Record Setting
https://youtu.be/BX1JrgZPfgg&list=PLaYT64KWZAENozTjSmxTECE5zCiFoHuUX

Python Basics Tutorial Write to Sqlite Database from Kivy TextInput
https://youtu.be/XY8E0QVmwII&list=PLaYT64KWZAENozTjSmxTECE5zCiFoHuUX
Videos 1-25