
Augustina Ragwitz (?auggy?) - ?Start Contributing to Perl, It's Easy
https://youtu.be/Ok4MBvWcxOI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Buddy Burden (barefootcoder)   MethodSignatures A How-To
https://youtu.be/St40wCoeb3U&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Chris Nehren (apeiron) - Devs and Admins Sitting in a Tree
https://youtu.be/WcHmvMHQ-Es&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

D Ruth Bavousett (?druthb?) - ?An Ecological View of a FOSS Community Koha
https://youtu.be/KHb-g7FEAd0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Daniel Sterling (eqhmcow) - Packaging Perl RPMs
https://youtu.be/Gya28DYQJ6E&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Dave Rolsky (autarch) - A Date with Perl
https://youtu.be/G5TnlcNCcBQ&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Denise Paolucci ?(rahaeli?) - ?Be Kind to Your Wrists (You'll Miss Them When They're Gone)?
https://youtu.be/900xWjIEexM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Heath Bair (Candybar) - Perpetuate Perl  How to Run a Perl Workshop or Conference
https://youtu.be/fYZHVwyWQmQ&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Hugh Esco - Continuously Integrating the Camel
https://youtu.be/aqVS4C8hpNg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Ingy dot Net - Acmeism Hacking in Every Language at Once
https://youtu.be/iP7Sgf1XbDk&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Joe McMahon (pemungkah) - How to Make Your Users Not Want to Murder You
https://youtu.be/CTzl6Q5icTY&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

John Lightsey - Auditing Open Source Perl Code for Security
https://youtu.be/zzGaFyUmbsw&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Jonathan Worthington (jnthn) - What if Perl 6 Grammars Could Generate
https://youtu.be/RPQvtfwsilM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Lightning Talks Wednesday
https://youtu.be/jln7yqVRiIc&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Mark Allen (mallen) - Perl, DTrace, and You
https://youtu.be/KI9R6KESAUg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Matt S Trout (mst) - The Velociraptor of Christmas Future
https://youtu.be/Oxr-9oGTvPU&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Mike Schilli - ?Continuously integrating Perl projects with Vagrant
https://youtu.be/KxLsgK70tpM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Patrick Michaud (Pm) - Parallelism in Perl 6
https://youtu.be/eK19vSU9A5Y&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Patrick Michaud (Pm) - Perl 6 on the JVM
https://youtu.be/XgPh5Li3k4g&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Ricardo Signes (rjbs) - Perl 5 Postcards from the Edge
https://youtu.be/UNP90HzJANA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Sinan Unur - Opportunity Cost for Programmers
https://youtu.be/qBOgk2iZbGE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Stevan Little - Perl - The Detroit of Scripting Languages
https://youtu.be/7ycpEUQAnp4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Thomas Sibley (trs) - Wrangling rt.cpan.org for your bidding
https://youtu.be/kJvDOhW701k&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Tobias Leich (froggs) - The Perl 5 Slang of Perl 6
https://youtu.be/oajH8ptK3v0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Yichun Zhang ?(agentzh?) - ?Flame Graphs for Online Performance Profiling?
https://youtu.be/rxn7HoNrv9A&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX
Videos 26-50