
5 architectures of asynchronous JavaScript by Tomasz Ducin
https://youtu.be/9hgic_ccxgs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

A Pragmatist’s Guide to Functional Geekery by Michał Płachta
https://youtu.be/0o3yJ5HbkAU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Advanced search for your legacy application by David Pilato
https://youtu.be/xcilf8rvrZw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Apache Spark  Deep dive into the Java API for developers by Alexandre Dubreuil
https://youtu.be/cr3wCNwKQWY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Application Security 101 by Marek Puchalski
https://youtu.be/8u9bDOaqyCE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Applying stability patterns a case study by Daniel Lebrero
https://youtu.be/dSgls1cn1io&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Beyond GivenWhenThen - why diving into Cucumber is the wrong approach to adopting BDD
https://youtu.be/FdiKPtGz76U&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Boost your skills with Open Source by Bartosz Majsak
https://youtu.be/anQKRstC2oE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Catch me... if you can! by Tomasz Jędrzejewski
https://youtu.be/ER0X071j26g&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Delegate responsibility, gain productivity by Wojtek Erbetowski
https://youtu.be/Dcrh17S9VMA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Embrace failure – what can bring your system down by Piotr Betkier
https://youtu.be/AXgTR9Aq-dg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Everything-as-code. A polyglot adventure by M.-Leander Reimer
https://youtu.be/XagalMCXI-I&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

From Laptop to the World - Global deployment at your fingertip with Kubernetes by Ray Tsang
https://youtu.be/O8JuFFaSa0Y&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

HTTP Servers the fundament of microservices by Adam Dubiel
https://youtu.be/85vxkf8xsbY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Making the Most of Your Gradle Build by Andres Almiray
https://youtu.be/hsz8n_GZ6go&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Managing secrets at scale by Mark Paluch
https://youtu.be/p-gucDdeO8c&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Microservices with Kafka by László-Róbert Albert and Dan Balescu
https://youtu.be/iRTnMdtKGBg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Ratpack  - Future(Server.HTTP(Java)) by Jarek Ratajski
https://youtu.be/EWmi10tTnpw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Shift-Left The role of the tester in a DevOps world by John Smart
https://youtu.be/rVBPSDrtfeE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Stages of maturity on the way to microservices by Jakub Marchwicki and Jarosław Pałka
https://youtu.be/M4EN6NONPas&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Vavr By Example by Grzegorz Piwowarek
https://youtu.be/2JTlFAjhL3U&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Welcome Alexa, your personal assistant by Johan Janssen
https://youtu.be/iadhkk5JZts&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

What users want by Vladimir Dejanovic
https://youtu.be/0oEVAfVRiKE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

What's New in JHipsterLand by Matt Raible
https://youtu.be/Wmj7Tysbepw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH

Why you should mock your IoT device during development and how to do this by Antoni Kędracki
https://youtu.be/oVs27gYq9K0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqYR6LI7atNZFvVKyAC1lwH
Videos 51-75