
Automatic Tuning of a Helicopter Flight Control System
https://youtu.be/stIS32tsbPI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Automatic Tuning of a Multivariable Distillation Column Controller - Simulink Video
https://youtu.be/80A6yYnBm4g&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Batch Mode Trimming and Linearization
https://youtu.be/k8UWi49IYgA&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Control System Design with Control System Tuning App (Release 2013a)
https://youtu.be/_bnz70ZjpyA&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Estimating and Validating Models
https://youtu.be/ZGDnoKYonDM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Estimating Nonlinear Black-Box Models
https://youtu.be/Pz2EMiUP1e4&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Estimating State-Space and Polynomial Models
https://youtu.be/y_vyfXgkRqY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Estimating Transfer Functions and Process Models
https://youtu.be/_3TEidI91WM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Frequency Response Estimation
https://youtu.be/c1UZE9kt9GU&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Gain Scheduling of PID Controllers (Previous Release)
https://youtu.be/IGJQnMRFrmM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Getting Started with Fuzzy Logic Toolbox (Part 1)
https://youtu.be/O348HnWPm7A&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Getting Started with Fuzzy Logic Toolbox (Part 2)
https://youtu.be/wBrHEXkTero&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Getting Started with Fuzzy Logic Toolbox (Part 3)
https://youtu.be/LupUhRJo_sU&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Importing and Manipulating Data Sets
https://youtu.be/60R91RkEXpE&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Introduction to System Identification Toolbox
https://youtu.be/NrMRPrA6yKI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Nonlinear Plant Control at Different Operating Points
https://youtu.be/TpDLcVzrQ8M&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Optimizing a Flight Control System
https://youtu.be/N3Tm__-77ak&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Optimizing a Wind Turbine Blade Pitch Control System
https://youtu.be/dK9iq_zzMDM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Optimizing Suspension System Performance
https://youtu.be/Y0MweL_bwEo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

PID Control Design with Control System Toolbox - MATLAB Video
https://youtu.be/2tKe0caUv1I&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

PID Controller Design for a DC Motor
https://youtu.be/jQOOCD-EqqY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Preprocessing Data
https://youtu.be/D8NuvY_bX6k&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Speed Control of a DC Motor Using PWM
https://youtu.be/H7RzKY9SFHA&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

System Identification and Control Using OPC Data
https://youtu.be/YPt0VYW1hDs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Weight Tuning for Model Predictive Controllers
https://youtu.be/luAXOyU3iww&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7
Videos 1-25