
A.Pelme - Testing Django applications with pytest
https://youtu.be/aUf8Fkb7TaY&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Alessandro Molina - Fast, documented and reliable JSON based webservices with Python
https://youtu.be/OZJzRYxxpMs&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Alessandro Pisa   Python da programmatore a domatore
https://youtu.be/r_-3usncq-4&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

C  Kerstiens Going beyond the Django ORM limitations with Postgres
https://youtu.be/S-kbfpRpVsY&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Christophe Pettus - Extending Python into PostgreSQL
https://youtu.be/BpLz_5x_vTo&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

D.  Jemerov- Why Python Sucks
https://youtu.be/PlXEsrhF1iE&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Edward Easton - Python Packaging on the Enterprise
https://youtu.be/IacmaNwU458&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Enrico Franchi - Scegliere le armi per la battaglia del calcolo intensivo
https://youtu.be/9RPXU2TleD8&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Ezio Melotti   Capire le codifiche e Unicode
https://youtu.be/lZ5Bw8iS3OY&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

F  Frenguelli An intro to Blender modeling and scripting Part 1
https://youtu.be/4e6z3Ada00I&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

F  Frenguelli An intro to Blender modeling and scripting Part 2
https://youtu.be/U1K19GoLMuk&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

G  Aubert Developing multi platform apps with Python in 2013
https://youtu.be/f909GqJvDnE&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

G  Dubus Pyramid advanced configuration tactics for nice apps and libs
https://youtu.be/VmfWkeUOuYY&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

H  Král Beyond Search
https://youtu.be/_lVijLepOAM&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

J  Hallén Testing for beginners
https://youtu.be/-sCaA-ILuoQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Joe Gordon - Very Large Development How to run code review for 800+ Open Source Python Developers
https://youtu.be/w0Y91qRaxhQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Marc-André Lemburg - Efficient Python development with small teams
https://youtu.be/gaLt619FjuE&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

N  Zupan, D  Kožar Getting started with Plone CMS development part 1
https://youtu.be/3wN1JeWD3Vo&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

N  Zupan, D  Kožar Getting started with Plone CMS development part 2
https://youtu.be/hxkyIIGluSw&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Oltjano Terpollari - Python for hackers and Penetration testing
https://youtu.be/s_vwqBaCgOc&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

P.  Szabó - EuroPython 2013 Google Jam Quiz Solutions
https://youtu.be/HqqfWgbHr4I&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

P. Büchler- Introducing Python as a main programming language in a company
https://youtu.be/nDXK63YmAYE&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Petr Viktorin - Terminals, command lines, and text interfaces
https://youtu.be/BErOaezd4Hw&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

Radomir Dopieralski - Magical attributes
https://youtu.be/rj4mf5aNhh0&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE

S  Trygubenko Functional programming in Python and even Haskell Part 2
https://youtu.be/86EL6XUci-Q&list=PL8uoeex94UhF5drIP18ZB9uU3r2P_DARE
Videos 26-50