
Component-Based Modeling in Simulink
https://youtu.be/fLVmzhCltHo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oe80iv5zRrqFpBtXDEivjz

Data-Free Parameter Pruning and Quantization
https://youtu.be/4xhRcOvHxzY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oe80iv5zRrqFpBtXDEivjz

Deploy a MATLAB Function as a Standalone Executable on Raspberry Pi Hardware from MATLAB Online
https://youtu.be/khC5DbsPA5c&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oe80iv5zRrqFpBtXDEivjz

Deploying Simscape Models on Real-Time Hardware with HDL Coder
https://youtu.be/cWywy6WoYlk&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oe80iv5zRrqFpBtXDEivjz

Easily Check Data Types in MATLAB Functions and Objects
https://youtu.be/z5KA5VjEkKM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oe80iv5zRrqFpBtXDEivjz

Enforce Constraints for PID Controllers
https://youtu.be/SLM_yjMHw5o&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oe80iv5zRrqFpBtXDEivjz

Generating Tests with Test for Model Component Wizard
https://youtu.be/cym2oRyW188&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oe80iv5zRrqFpBtXDEivjz

Hand Gesture Recognition Using Machine Learning on Arduino Hardware
https://youtu.be/e4qveZfQPv8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oe80iv5zRrqFpBtXDEivjz

How to Automatically Detect Design Errors in Your Simulink Models
https://youtu.be/Jj5nlb0dA8c&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oe80iv5zRrqFpBtXDEivjz

How to Debug a Property Proving Counterexample
https://youtu.be/B5zTtHcVoxc&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oe80iv5zRrqFpBtXDEivjz

How to Import C Code into Simulink for Testing
https://youtu.be/atfO_3Wt2t8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oe80iv5zRrqFpBtXDEivjz

Managing Requirements Based Testing Process with Testing Dashboard
https://youtu.be/vzoda1JYmSo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oe80iv5zRrqFpBtXDEivjz

Model Reference Acclerator Mode Linearization
https://youtu.be/ndp6qACekK0&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oe80iv5zRrqFpBtXDEivjz

Performing Parametric Analysis with System Composer
https://youtu.be/Hrrr1gsoOXE&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oe80iv5zRrqFpBtXDEivjz

Prototype FPGA Design on Hardware from the MATLAB Command Line
https://youtu.be/SBxVgySjg0Q&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oe80iv5zRrqFpBtXDEivjz

Scaling Test Execution with MATLAB Parallel Server
https://youtu.be/8PXEDJ8f5rs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oe80iv5zRrqFpBtXDEivjz

Shift Left with Polyspace Find Bugs as You Code
https://youtu.be/ui48-EW8jYs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oe80iv5zRrqFpBtXDEivjz

Teaching Vibrations and Control Labs Online Using Simscape and MATLAB Apps
https://youtu.be/8nZ9zB8rWC4&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oe80iv5zRrqFpBtXDEivjz

Top 7 Ways to Automate Your RTL Verification
https://youtu.be/2Ugo1anCNX8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oe80iv5zRrqFpBtXDEivjz

Using MATLAB with Python
https://youtu.be/6Ji4vuJg2dw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oe80iv5zRrqFpBtXDEivjz
Verification, Validation, and Test  Developer Tech Showcase