
Python Basics Insert Data Into Database
https://youtu.be/mvsIZjOpZ3g&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Install Kivy Library
https://youtu.be/pg9eEInZM2A&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Kivy App Class
https://youtu.be/9UGJpMhXgos&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Kivy Setup
https://youtu.be/DWzHyKaYBTA&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Matplotlib Multi plot on One Line
https://youtu.be/ASBPvq0BlDg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Matplotlib Pyplot Bar Chart
https://youtu.be/eV2oGJNrY0A&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Matplotlib Pyplot Bar Horizontal Chart
https://youtu.be/HovBlhhecTQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Monday Motivation Learning Programming
https://youtu.be/i3EOnaoPYKc&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Numpy Array Transpose Method
https://youtu.be/doNu6-Vic3k&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Numpy Column Stack Function
https://youtu.be/E6MHy0K-ONo&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Pandas DataFrame Describe Method
https://youtu.be/D8Dl9KJBroc&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Pandas DataFrame Transform Method and Add Column
https://youtu.be/Ecd1sKoNDNY&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Pygame Intro Sprite Module
https://youtu.be/6ciALWBIjo8&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Pygame Sprite Group Container
https://youtu.be/FOj7G38UmpE&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Sqlite Create a Table
https://youtu.be/gkioap4u1dE&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Sqlite Intro
https://youtu.be/owT1R_elUm8&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Tkinter Geometry and Configure Methods
https://youtu.be/2qUiPiD6tyI&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Tkinter TTK Label Widget
https://youtu.be/2HqQMhJbntE&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics TTK from Tkinter
https://youtu.be/Ecexdzy5h0c&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Unpack Dictionary with Items Method
https://youtu.be/AJ9mi2pk7jw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Weekly Recap 1
https://youtu.be/HO1SM4X3NQk&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Weekly Recap 2
https://youtu.be/5NtOXS8CyJc&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics What is __main__ 
https://youtu.be/veRoDHVaAeg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp
Videos 76-98