
#BackToBasics  üç™ HTTP cookies, with Hubert SABLONNI√àRE
https://youtu.be/bNXsmc7wPJc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Autonomous Microservices, with Denis Wilson Souza Rosa
https://youtu.be/sMegB_Z9KEk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Avoid Noodling Through an Architecture's Foundations with Francisco Menezes
https://youtu.be/2IeZv1y0bIM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Creating the new Voxxed websites using JHipster, Angular and GitLab, with Stephan Janssen
https://youtu.be/JpbGrN21Aho&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Dealing with change in event sourced applications, with Michiel Rook
https://youtu.be/04_esxp8C_o&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Deep Learning The Future of Artificial Intelligence, with Matthew Renze
https://youtu.be/AktmFvRVPsI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Is boilerplate code really so bad, with Trisha Gee
https://youtu.be/Px2Hv2zWCM0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Jenkins X Continuous Delivery for Kubernetes with James Strachan
https://youtu.be/BF3MhFjvBTU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Kotlin for Java Programmers with Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/KvmlP3ReZcA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Let's Get Lazy Exploring the Real Power of Streams with Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/ekFPGD2g-ps&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Old Is the New New, with Kevlin Henney
https://youtu.be/lw9iMRZz2ds&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Quantum Computing Exposed Hacking Nature's Computer, with James Weaver & Johas Vos
https://youtu.be/THjI536d7dE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Security in the Age of Open Source with Damian Saunders
https://youtu.be/tPhCSpEwKog&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Security in the Serverless world with Yan Cui
https://youtu.be/NDOLp-jv8Bo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Security loves Dev. Healing misunderstanding gap., with Siren Hofvander & Johanna Larsson
https://youtu.be/J_C6dBYb7_s&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Smarter debugging in the IDE, with Rabea Gransberger
https://youtu.be/NUStrGa0YbM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

So You Can Sleep At Night - ethics in software engineering, with Jonathan Rothwell & Steve Freeman
https://youtu.be/A5umy4lUOOY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Spring Framework 5 Feature Highlights & Hidden Gems, with Juergen Hoeller
https://youtu.be/fBHVYWxCnmA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Springing into Kotlin How to Make the Magic even more Magical, with Mark Heckler
https://youtu.be/BiwzAnjrS9o&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Stop reinventing the wheel with Istio, with Mete Atamel
https://youtu.be/pGKwluckJ-A&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

The Diabolical Developer's Guide to Surviving Java 9 and 10, with Martijn Verburg
https://youtu.be/yUFqLkzD7WE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

The Java Council
https://youtu.be/vPqMWPJNSoA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Thinking twice about migrating to Serverless, with Edwin Derks
https://youtu.be/SWttiRCJSUE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Tools and approaches for migrating big datasets to the cloud, with Adrian Woodhead & Elliot West
https://youtu.be/gvtysDbDLeE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op

Vue.js power and flexiblity, with Pratik Patel
https://youtu.be/ItnhG8MO03s&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVpRvLpv_Cub94zsM1aHm-Op
Videos 76-100