
AHK Studio Add words to your Personal Variable List so they show in Intellisense
https://youtu.be/SCJrOGVRRjo&list=PL3JprvrxlW279vlWADTTlyLH1p800YlCC

AHK Studio Auto Closing Parens, Braces, Quotes, etc.
https://youtu.be/1lFW-51rUcs&list=PL3JprvrxlW279vlWADTTlyLH1p800YlCC

AHK Studio Auto Indent and Centering the  Caret
https://youtu.be/pKQTE5S10QY&list=PL3JprvrxlW279vlWADTTlyLH1p800YlCC

AHK Studio Auto-create Includes & Publish (bringing all Includes back into script)
https://youtu.be/ZH6i26FAbxM&list=PL3JprvrxlW279vlWADTTlyLH1p800YlCC

AHK Studio Controlling the windows on screen like Project Explorer, Toolbars, etc.
https://youtu.be/iKmYXiGE2Bk&list=PL3JprvrxlW279vlWADTTlyLH1p800YlCC

AHK Studio Creating a default New File Template
https://youtu.be/UvJN6A3RktY&list=PL3JprvrxlW279vlWADTTlyLH1p800YlCC

AHK Studio Creating a Toolbar
https://youtu.be/1fH5YJY-lGE&list=PL3JprvrxlW279vlWADTTlyLH1p800YlCC

AHK Studio Customizing, Adding, & Editing your Hotkeys
https://youtu.be/xsiYAEa9zl8&list=PL3JprvrxlW279vlWADTTlyLH1p800YlCC

AHK Studio Dump text to the Output  Debug Window
https://youtu.be/bxg9cj6iuPc&list=PL3JprvrxlW279vlWADTTlyLH1p800YlCC

AHK Studio Easily share your code with Pastebin  AHKScript org
https://youtu.be/KFYjPMRrpEU&list=PL3JprvrxlW279vlWADTTlyLH1p800YlCC

AHK Studio Editing your Context menus  Right click menu
https://youtu.be/2BTkOIs7MCA&list=PL3JprvrxlW279vlWADTTlyLH1p800YlCC

AHK Studio Getting AHK Syntax help and Studio Menu Help
https://youtu.be/0XGKYEYuEZc&list=PL3JprvrxlW279vlWADTTlyLH1p800YlCC

AHK Studio Getting Intellisense for items not in your file (Includes)
https://youtu.be/aTo-ecsiw5E&list=PL3JprvrxlW279vlWADTTlyLH1p800YlCC

AHK Studio Highlighting cursor location in Functions and commands
https://youtu.be/-T4rwjZYzXc&list=PL3JprvrxlW279vlWADTTlyLH1p800YlCC

AHK Studio Hotstrings on Crack   Edit Replacements
https://youtu.be/97td_3rmCJA&list=PL3JprvrxlW279vlWADTTlyLH1p800YlCC

AHK Studio Inserting & toggling comments
https://youtu.be/5dbM-A7yz6M&list=PL3JprvrxlW279vlWADTTlyLH1p800YlCC

AHK Studio Jumping to functions, labels, classes
https://youtu.be/J0cn0U1uHic&list=PL3JprvrxlW279vlWADTTlyLH1p800YlCC

AHK Studio Level-up Using the Debug Features
https://youtu.be/ERyKuJ5Ogwo&list=PL3JprvrxlW279vlWADTTlyLH1p800YlCC

AHK Studio Opening non AHK files in Studio
https://youtu.be/n1g2EyYJFlk&list=PL3JprvrxlW279vlWADTTlyLH1p800YlCC

AHK Studio Quick Find Search Replace
https://youtu.be/GWKYSmCZ2FM&list=PL3JprvrxlW279vlWADTTlyLH1p800YlCC

AHK Studio Second method to Find and multi line type
https://youtu.be/qL9Ti5UtbKI&list=PL3JprvrxlW279vlWADTTlyLH1p800YlCC

AHK Studio Selecting and Customizing your Theme
https://youtu.be/_d2EJ7D9TYM&list=PL3JprvrxlW279vlWADTTlyLH1p800YlCC

AHK Studio Showing White space and End of Line (EOL)
https://youtu.be/rw5BinT2sto&list=PL3JprvrxlW279vlWADTTlyLH1p800YlCC

AHK Studio Smart ways to Move Text around the screen
https://youtu.be/VhQEjIDEqKE&list=PL3JprvrxlW279vlWADTTlyLH1p800YlCC

AHK Studio Using the OmniSearch to change settings  find items
https://youtu.be/XynRkrO6Fas&list=PL3JprvrxlW279vlWADTTlyLH1p800YlCC
Videos 1-25