
RubyConf AU 2015 A Case for Use Cases by Shevaun Coker
https://youtu.be/atFN0rReJfA&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc2uUcqG2wjZ1ppt-TkFG-gm

RubyConf AU 2015 Consider Static Typing by Tom Stuart
https://youtu.be/efzHrOxzrNE&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc2uUcqG2wjZ1ppt-TkFG-gm

RubyConf AU 2015 DevOps Without The Ops â€“ A Fallacy A Dream Or Both by Konstantin Gredeskoul
https://youtu.be/fd9i0GAzZI8&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc2uUcqG2wjZ1ppt-TkFG-gm

RubyConf AU 2015 Feeling like a better developer (AKA overcoming impostor syndrome) by Joss Paling
https://youtu.be/cWZM_KgOFD4&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc2uUcqG2wjZ1ppt-TkFG-gm

RubyConf AU 2015 Fields & Fences by Sarah Mei
https://youtu.be/HFk1vnJMXpc&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc2uUcqG2wjZ1ppt-TkFG-gm

RubyConf AU 2015 Loving Legacy Code by Keith Pitty
https://youtu.be/-PdHrg43sCc&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc2uUcqG2wjZ1ppt-TkFG-gm

RubyConf AU 2015 Nitty Gritty Service Building by Lauren Voswinkel
https://youtu.be/1lmMlIQuE6Q&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc2uUcqG2wjZ1ppt-TkFG-gm

RubyConf AU 2015 On Second Acts by John Barton
https://youtu.be/lVG1SV8wWxs&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc2uUcqG2wjZ1ppt-TkFG-gm

RubyConf AU 2015 Pre-factoring Getting it (Closer to) Right the First Time by Coraline Ada Ehmke
https://youtu.be/U6ejBh80gxg&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc2uUcqG2wjZ1ppt-TkFG-gm

RubyConf AU 2015 Principles of Play by Linda Liukas
https://youtu.be/KMBiP6VIlig&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc2uUcqG2wjZ1ppt-TkFG-gm

RubyConf AU 2015 Programming as Performance by Joseph Wilk
https://youtu.be/_z8FQdIbpJo&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc2uUcqG2wjZ1ppt-TkFG-gm

RubyConf AU 2015 Rewriting Code and Culture by Sabrina Leandro
https://youtu.be/787v6BcloJg&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc2uUcqG2wjZ1ppt-TkFG-gm

RubyConf AU 2015 Saving the World (Literally) with Ruby by Sean Marcia
https://youtu.be/nDYh7cdGqFc&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc2uUcqG2wjZ1ppt-TkFG-gm

RubyConf AU 2015 Securing your App and the History of Guerilla Warfare by Scott Feinberg
https://youtu.be/8ikjuuL8Qrg&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc2uUcqG2wjZ1ppt-TkFG-gm

RubyConf AU 2015 Service Oriented Disasters by Rachel Myers
https://youtu.be/e02h_cTeuVM&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc2uUcqG2wjZ1ppt-TkFG-gm

RubyConf AU 2015 Sideprojects and Startups by Collis Ta'eed
https://youtu.be/lwWEc4PhmJI&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc2uUcqG2wjZ1ppt-TkFG-gm

RubyConf AU 2015 Succeeding with Open Source by Philip Arndt
https://youtu.be/8i5c3RXa3g8&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc2uUcqG2wjZ1ppt-TkFG-gm

RubyConf AU 2015 Sweaters as a Service by Amy Wibowo
https://youtu.be/5Er--usI5gw&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc2uUcqG2wjZ1ppt-TkFG-gm

RubyConf AU 2015 Towards a Higher-Level Language by Erik Michaels-Ober
https://youtu.be/cjPybeAeKDQ&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc2uUcqG2wjZ1ppt-TkFG-gm

RubyConf AU 2015 Understanding Despair by John Dalton
https://youtu.be/nvl9muoYPaY&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc2uUcqG2wjZ1ppt-TkFG-gm

RubyConf AU 2015 What is a Rubyist by Steve Klabnik
https://youtu.be/ImfGkWQ9zBQ&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc2uUcqG2wjZ1ppt-TkFG-gm
RubyConf AU 2015