
15 Kubernetes features in 15 minutes by Marc Sluiter
https://youtu.be/o85VR90RGNQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Android Architecture Blueprints by David González
https://youtu.be/zHiaOYFk0iI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Billions of lines of code in a single repository, SRSLY by Guillaume Laforge
https://youtu.be/yM0GQw1zgrA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Cloud Native Streaming and Event-Driven Microservices by Marius Bogoevici
https://youtu.be/s6mP4lpkxvg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Configuration management with Spring Pierre-Jean Vardanéga
https://youtu.be/aOBzbhPVlFg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Crowdsourcing knowledge write for Voxxed by Katharine Beaumont
https://youtu.be/Bn3pTmorKwo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Deep Dive into JUnit 5 by Sam Brannen
https://youtu.be/UHN_HcjZa7o&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Develop faster with an open source microservices platform by James Strachan
https://youtu.be/bERRJksRB1A&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Fast Cars, Big Data - How Streaming Can Help Formula 1 by Tugdual Grall
https://youtu.be/r9cyINvyuIc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Hot.orElse(Not) by Nick Vanderhoven and Jeroen Horemans
https://youtu.be/cnDv8s1kAiA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

How Google DeepMind conquered the game of Go by Roy van Rijn
https://youtu.be/derC33ODrME&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Introduction to gRPC A general RPC framework that puts mobile and HTTP2 first by Mete Atamel
https://youtu.be/kUz2zjkKxFg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

It's a kind of magic under the covers of Spring Boot by Stéphane Nicoll & Andy Wilkinson
https://youtu.be/uof5h-j0IeE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Java Collections The Force Awakens by Raoul-Gabriel Urma and Richard Warburton
https://youtu.be/b8YX45ymAeE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Java EE, TypeScript and Angular2 by Antonio Goncalves and Sébastien Pertus
https://youtu.be/ki2ZgosjVyw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Keynote Session by Mark Reinhold and Brian Goetz
https://youtu.be/e9eSPtpiGkA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Maven - your ultimate CD tool by Jakub Marchwicki
https://youtu.be/LsM_i-chL3k&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Netty - One Framework to rule them all by Norman Maurer
https://youtu.be/DKJ0w30M0vg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Optional - The Mother of All Bikesheds by Stuart Marks
https://youtu.be/Ej0sss6cq14&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Reactive Programming by Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/weWSYIUdX6c&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Terracotta Ehcache simpler, faster, distributed by Anthony Dahanne
https://youtu.be/-j6cNZc5wYM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Testing Time in Java by Joep Weijers
https://youtu.be/b8Aglx0-wmI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

The Power of Real-Time Machine Learning by Ji Lucas
https://youtu.be/hyKpMTvZbmI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

What can you learn from thousands of source files in Github by Guillaume Laforge
https://youtu.be/ytssHnBSq8Q&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

What's NOT new in modular Java by Milen Dyankov
https://youtu.be/gHk_XxRKNiw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s
Videos 151-175