
2019 Oscar Nominated Short Films  Movieclips Indie
https://youtu.be/IrqxLV6CH-A&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

2019 Oscar Predictions How To Win Your Ballot
https://youtu.be/3Tx7di5VwdA&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

2019 Oscars Scenes from the Best Picture Nominees
https://youtu.be/NCs2AelYw_E&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

A Star Is Born Movie Clip - 12 Notes (2018)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/Ag3znSa04Pg&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

A Star Is Born Movie Clip - A Way Out (2018)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/Oi53HldzE5g&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

A Star Is Born Movie Clip - One Reason (2018)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/9tVGM7aAiHY&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

A Star Is Born Movie Clip - Song Writer (2018)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/psJCFO4ZROQ&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

A Star Is Born Music Video - Shallow (2018)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/Anp6lGHKZw0&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

A Star Is Born Trailer #1 (2018)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/4-tcHHyy1Rw&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Alfonso Cuar√≥n Kept Roma's Script a Secret from Cast and Crew During Filming
https://youtu.be/NXD2VKjwB0Y&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Black Panther Behind the Scenes - Geopolitical Society (2018)  Movieclips Extras
https://youtu.be/tjMxubIMxG0&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Black Panther Behind the Scenes - The Costumes (2018)  Movieclips Extras
https://youtu.be/iP6ycSEbDDo&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Black Panther Movie Clip - It's A Set Up (2018)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/O2IwMUWMpOA&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Black Panther Movie Clip - Kinetic Energy (2018)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/JUcxw86437M&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Black Panther Trailer #1 (2018)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/oHLU3T-e2t4&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

BlacKkKlansman Movie Clip - America First (2018)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/JJ4d4oW8EcY&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

BlacKkKlansman Movie Clip - Go Undercover (2018)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/tXFwZ_kpbsI&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

BlacKkKlansman Movie Clip - Pass the Muster (2018)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/5N8mCCMv56o&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

BlacKkKlansman Movie Clip - The President (2018)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/Y_U7UHEUVNM&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

BlacKkKlansman Movie Clip - The Right White Man (2018)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/HAd6NsI_0L0&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

BlacKkKlansman Trailer #1 (2018)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/fQNZhs0QKq0&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Bohemian Rhapsody Movie Clip - Can You Go a Bit Higher (2018)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/InC28evxHlc&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Bohemian Rhapsody Movie Clip - We Will Rock You (2018)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/iQtIhzRjuy4&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Bohemian Rhapsody Trailer #1 (2018)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/A2iDKN5nfL4&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Family Feud Oscar Nominees - SNL
https://youtu.be/DXm2y4KD6fk&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

First Man Trailer #1 (2018)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/ExUkFvlabLo&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Free Solo - Trailer  National Geographic
https://youtu.be/urRVZ4SW7WU&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Green Book Movie Clip - Dignity Always Prevails (2018)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/F9vEbQkMbKQ&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Green Book Movie Clip - Salty (2018)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/uKbnFxTMgtE&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Green Book Movie Clip - Write a Letter to His Wife (2018)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/3Y6-11P8S1o&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Green Book Trailer #1 (2018)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/9ZS5d9l8XL0&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Honest Trailers - The Oscars (2019)
https://youtu.be/pI3T87CXM04&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

How to do the 'Black Panther' Handshake  All Access
https://youtu.be/eW49KP5EEZg&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

If Beale Street Could Talk Teaser Trailer #1 (2018)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/XgrWtn8kXHE&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Lady Gaga & Bradley Cooper Talk Songwriting Inspiration  'A Star Is Born' TIFF 2018 Interview
https://youtu.be/P4YSW34tCnU&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Mahershala Ali Roasts Viggo Mortensen for Eating Tons of Pizza in Meetings  'Green Book' Interview
https://youtu.be/q0gH-5REL0w&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Oscar Bait
https://youtu.be/HjE9Fl4zKNs&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Oscars 2019 Best Picture Nominations, Surprises, and Snubs  Rotten Tomatoes
https://youtu.be/C501Yb_SGW4&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Private video
https://youtu.be/hy8z_Tq_VHo&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Rami Malek Knows How to Do the Fandango  'Bohemian Rhapsody' Interview  Fandango All Access
https://youtu.be/Q7i7eo8MHso&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Rami Malek, Sam Elliott & More 2019 Oscar Nominee Interviews  TODAY Originals
https://youtu.be/QoxSbKjeses&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Roma Trailer #1 (2018)  Movieclips Indie
https://youtu.be/OIClGSY5_tY&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Should Lady Gaga Or Glenn Close Win The Oscar  WWHL
https://youtu.be/IFDKQQe_37Y&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Spider-Man Into the Spider-Verse Teaser Trailer #1 (2018)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/64QXmeV3FtI&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

The 'Black Panther' Cast on Celebrity Fans and That One-Take Fight Scene (2018)  Rotten Tomatoes
https://youtu.be/VnGYNSgKDYw&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

The Favourite Movie Clip - Hot Chocolate (2018)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/jeiG9Z7-fPU&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

The Favourite Movie Clip - Look at Me (2018)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/LnU4Fzulma0&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

The Favourite Movie Clip - Shooting (2018)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/Guw4ITSpV88&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

The Favourite Teaser Trailer #1 (2018)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/VhVofFGT6-U&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Vice Movie Clip - That Sounds Good (2019)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/KQfiV9bC-64&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Vice Movie Clip - Two Times (2018)  Movieclips Coming Soon
https://youtu.be/16x9aDiQJjM&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa

Vice Trailer #1 (2018)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/aSGFt6w0wok&list=PLScC8g4bqD46iuau-GAyf0D6OBGfCEDPa
2019 Oscar Winners