
Godot 3D shader tutorial (1) Water in 3D
https://youtu.be/vm9Sdvhq6ho&list=PLe63S5Eft1KZWYPund35Bw7bNqIa8bQ7y

Godot 3D Shader Tutorial (2)  Using the depth buffer
https://youtu.be/Jq3he9Lbj7M&list=PLe63S5Eft1KZWYPund35Bw7bNqIa8bQ7y

Godot ARKit introduction
https://youtu.be/6NEonfH1ME0&list=PLe63S5Eft1KZWYPund35Bw7bNqIa8bQ7y

Godot background loading
https://youtu.be/1oeOwPJ1XHM&list=PLe63S5Eft1KZWYPund35Bw7bNqIa8bQ7y

Godot Grass shader tutorial
https://youtu.be/uMB3-g8v1B0&list=PLe63S5Eft1KZWYPund35Bw7bNqIa8bQ7y

Godot Nativescript 1.1 introduction - writing C++ plugins
https://youtu.be/2hK7vOigbLQ&list=PLe63S5Eft1KZWYPund35Bw7bNqIa8bQ7y

Godot on Oculus Quest Tutorial part 1 - Setting up Godot for the Quest
https://youtu.be/FyU3jw7mhCI&list=PLe63S5Eft1KZWYPund35Bw7bNqIa8bQ7y

Godot Smoke and mirrors part 1 - Faking mirrors in 3D
https://youtu.be/wPzTmFHrGQk&list=PLe63S5Eft1KZWYPund35Bw7bNqIa8bQ7y

Godot Smoke and mirrors part 2 - Part 2 Hiding rooms based on player location
https://youtu.be/QXUCGzJUfkc&list=PLe63S5Eft1KZWYPund35Bw7bNqIa8bQ7y

Godot Vehicle Tutorial Part 2 - Building a track
https://youtu.be/Yvy8vQ-5O_w&list=PLe63S5Eft1KZWYPund35Bw7bNqIa8bQ7y

Godot vehicle tutorial part 3 - Improving the track
https://youtu.be/DOoVk8WPSAQ&list=PLe63S5Eft1KZWYPund35Bw7bNqIa8bQ7y

Godot vehicle tutorial part 4 - finishing the track
https://youtu.be/QnKYSKzhlTQ&list=PLe63S5Eft1KZWYPund35Bw7bNqIa8bQ7y

Godot VR Weapons part 5 - Reloading
https://youtu.be/EK91zvMhck0&list=PLe63S5Eft1KZWYPund35Bw7bNqIa8bQ7y

Godot VR Weapons tutorial part 1 - Setting up the environment using GIProbe
https://youtu.be/KaJSifo8Wis&list=PLe63S5Eft1KZWYPund35Bw7bNqIa8bQ7y

Godot VR Weapons tutorial part 2 - teleport and picking up objects
https://youtu.be/gPVXwwvxlzs&list=PLe63S5Eft1KZWYPund35Bw7bNqIa8bQ7y

Godot VR Weapons tutorial part 3 - firing our gun
https://youtu.be/57YxdOHQV2E&list=PLe63S5Eft1KZWYPund35Bw7bNqIa8bQ7y

Godot VR Weapons tutorial part 4 - animating our gun and adding audio
https://youtu.be/e_KaRNYg3P4&list=PLe63S5Eft1KZWYPund35Bw7bNqIa8bQ7y

Godot VR Weapons tutorial part 6 - Ammo count, smoke trial and muzzle flash
https://youtu.be/ERFCutI6mqc&list=PLe63S5Eft1KZWYPund35Bw7bNqIa8bQ7y

Godot VR Weapons WIP
https://youtu.be/DBN2gz6sj3w&list=PLe63S5Eft1KZWYPund35Bw7bNqIa8bQ7y

Introduction into Godot 3D Physics part 1
https://youtu.be/SI1bmViq1JA&list=PLe63S5Eft1KZWYPund35Bw7bNqIa8bQ7y

Introduction into Godot 3D Physics part 2
https://youtu.be/twodQHm0gxw&list=PLe63S5Eft1KZWYPund35Bw7bNqIa8bQ7y

Solving a Godot shader hickup
https://youtu.be/Cg4ZT6X0ghs&list=PLe63S5Eft1KZWYPund35Bw7bNqIa8bQ7y

Timelapse - Procedural modeling in Godot
https://youtu.be/X574IIBgOko&list=PLe63S5Eft1KZWYPund35Bw7bNqIa8bQ7y

Vehicle demo 5 - Going VR
https://youtu.be/IijlGjDh8lk&list=PLe63S5Eft1KZWYPund35Bw7bNqIa8bQ7y
Videos 26-50