
AMA answers Hiring, React, Testing, Introducing new tools, career advice and more
https://youtu.be/y23g8L8UtoQ&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

AMA answers Learning, growth, workshops, faith, productivity, and more
https://youtu.be/4Yq6PO0r-fU&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Avoid setState warnings on unmounted React components
https://youtu.be/8BNdxFzMeVg&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Debug Jest Tests
https://youtu.be/m42MxzxHj1E&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Debug React's Event System
https://youtu.be/WqFlnolg7mo&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

How does this work in JavaScript
https://youtu.be/M_D2mpRGJE0&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

How to configure prettier to automatically format your code
https://youtu.be/hPI9UnE4dws&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

How to find out which of my node_modules recently changed
https://youtu.be/q9nuAVP1Iz0&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

How to test Redux
https://youtu.be/h7ukDItVN_o&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Implementing Control Props in custom React Components
https://youtu.be/Q5LaOYY-a0k&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Intro to ReasonML Syntax from a JavaScript perspective
https://youtu.be/sOgJTcB4Tb8&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Magic Move effect with JavaScript
https://youtu.be/3AaghqS3W4Y&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Make a stateful react component without a class
https://youtu.be/kxuimioI4mI&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Migrating from shallow rendering react components to explicit component mocks
https://youtu.be/LHUdxkThTM0&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Tagged Template Literals
https://youtu.be/UJrkauaA7-I&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Test a componentDidCatch ErrorBoundary component in React
https://youtu.be/dxWrHEOD5DU&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Test React Portals
https://youtu.be/aejwiTIBXWI&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Use match-sorter for a great list filter user experience
https://youtu.be/dyEFhQ93S_k&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Use React with an index.html and script tags
https://youtu.be/N_GNMkwcoMA&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Using CodeSandbox to make PRs to GitHub projects
https://youtu.be/3PAQbhdkTtI&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Using polyfill.io
https://youtu.be/v9VPGvG2KiM&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Using react-testing-library with create-react-app
https://youtu.be/Yx-p3irizCQ&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

What is MDX
https://youtu.be/d2sQiI5NFAM&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

What is this in NodeJS
https://youtu.be/jWllMubtfPQ&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Writing backbone-testing-library
https://youtu.be/Ru3g35-BQnI&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u
Videos 101-125