
Blair Witch, Bridget Jones's Baby, Snowden  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/LKelxEemIBk&list=PLScC8g4bqD450EqJ3xXvC-hyyIQjVCHqf

Doctor Strange, Trolls, Loving  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/faJ6B7mgF24&list=PLScC8g4bqD450EqJ3xXvC-hyyIQjVCHqf

Don’t Breathe, Mechanic Resurrection, Hands of Stone  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/EG2djbjtRcg&list=PLScC8g4bqD450EqJ3xXvC-hyyIQjVCHqf

Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, The Edge of Seventeen, Bleed for This  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/1GaS7M1fbcg&list=PLScC8g4bqD450EqJ3xXvC-hyyIQjVCHqf

Ghostbusters, The Infiltrator, Café Society  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/ztcNEdKy1eM&list=PLScC8g4bqD450EqJ3xXvC-hyyIQjVCHqf

Hacksaw Ridge, Almost Christmas, Arrival  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/pXOziDXPIps&list=PLScC8g4bqD450EqJ3xXvC-hyyIQjVCHqf

Incarnate, Rules Don't Apply, Miss Sloane  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/P_eeL9-o2s4&list=PLScC8g4bqD450EqJ3xXvC-hyyIQjVCHqf

Inferno, Jack Reacher Never Go Back, Ouija Origin of Evil  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/szaUdNipYFQ&list=PLScC8g4bqD450EqJ3xXvC-hyyIQjVCHqf

Jack Reacher Never Go Back, Keeping Up with the Joneses, Ouija Origin of Evil  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/zAwuiKVDAEo&list=PLScC8g4bqD450EqJ3xXvC-hyyIQjVCHqf

Jason Bourne, Bad Moms, Nerve  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/KZLhWdy7WHM&list=PLScC8g4bqD450EqJ3xXvC-hyyIQjVCHqf

Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children, Deepwater Horizon, Masterminds  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/0ohjhQIk7rw&list=PLScC8g4bqD450EqJ3xXvC-hyyIQjVCHqf

Moana, Allied, Bad Santa 2  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/3Wau2mSFWxU&list=PLScC8g4bqD450EqJ3xXvC-hyyIQjVCHqf

Office Christmas Party, La La Land, Jackie  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/sLTndcAJlXs&list=PLScC8g4bqD450EqJ3xXvC-hyyIQjVCHqf

Pete's Dragon, Florence Foster Jenkins, Sausage Party  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/V0OEE73EUj0&list=PLScC8g4bqD450EqJ3xXvC-hyyIQjVCHqf

Rogue One A Star Wars Story, Collateral Beauty, La La Land  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/x5JVLWGmUJs&list=PLScC8g4bqD450EqJ3xXvC-hyyIQjVCHqf

Sing, Passengers, Assassin's Creed  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/L2TbxwyRNeQ&list=PLScC8g4bqD450EqJ3xXvC-hyyIQjVCHqf

Star Trek Beyond, Ice Age Collision Course, Lights Out  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/BCAmP1JakYQ&list=PLScC8g4bqD450EqJ3xXvC-hyyIQjVCHqf

Suicide Squad, Nine Lives, Jason Bourne  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/U3GKYOivsps&list=PLScC8g4bqD450EqJ3xXvC-hyyIQjVCHqf

Sully, The Wild Life, When the Bough Breaks  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/0AnyW9BsiRE&list=PLScC8g4bqD450EqJ3xXvC-hyyIQjVCHqf

The Girl on a Train, The Birth of a Nation, Middle School  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/yapa4imMDTY&list=PLScC8g4bqD450EqJ3xXvC-hyyIQjVCHqf

The Light Between Oceans, Morgan, Don’t Breathe  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/wBwX5SRE2M8&list=PLScC8g4bqD450EqJ3xXvC-hyyIQjVCHqf

The Magnificent Seven, Storks, Queen of Katwe  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/6_jIGeFTauM&list=PLScC8g4bqD450EqJ3xXvC-hyyIQjVCHqf

Underworld Blood Wars, Hidden Figures, A Monster Calls  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/67spMfi41LM&list=PLScC8g4bqD450EqJ3xXvC-hyyIQjVCHqf

War Dogs, Kubo and the Two Strings, Ben-Hur  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/1t5aDzXMxbQ&list=PLScC8g4bqD450EqJ3xXvC-hyyIQjVCHqf

Why Him, A Monster Calls, Fences  Weekend Ticket
https://youtu.be/yVpjSzePT5U&list=PLScC8g4bqD450EqJ3xXvC-hyyIQjVCHqf
Videos 226-250