
All About Go
https://youtu.be/s_gRXOsrDAA&list=PL64wiCrrxh4KkVGYd3LebkmuGyIMUKzTz

Collaboration Summit 2013 - Go Code that Grows with Grace
https://youtu.be/bj6EtLacsj8&list=PL64wiCrrxh4KkVGYd3LebkmuGyIMUKzTz

Delivering AI on Code Live Demo of source{d} • Francesc Campoy • GOTO 2018
https://youtu.be/5ZWeUbubdNg&list=PL64wiCrrxh4KkVGYd3LebkmuGyIMUKzTz

dotGo 2017 - Francesc Campoy Flores - Machine Learning and Go
https://youtu.be/lcyNjgEG9H8&list=PL64wiCrrxh4KkVGYd3LebkmuGyIMUKzTz

Evolution of a Gopher - GopherConIndia 2015
https://youtu.be/5iD0Hl0alZ0&list=PL64wiCrrxh4KkVGYd3LebkmuGyIMUKzTz

Francesc Campoy has three tips for developers at #golangit
https://youtu.be/r9Ar-i0wVJE&list=PL64wiCrrxh4KkVGYd3LebkmuGyIMUKzTz

gitbase exploring git Repositories with SQL
https://youtu.be/OXL2KxOTmBQ&list=PL64wiCrrxh4KkVGYd3LebkmuGyIMUKzTz

Go Language
https://youtu.be/wB1hoUJDbk0&list=PL64wiCrrxh4KkVGYd3LebkmuGyIMUKzTz

Go pour Javaneros
https://youtu.be/I54vvvTBPnI&list=PL64wiCrrxh4KkVGYd3LebkmuGyIMUKzTz

Go see all the ships in the world
https://youtu.be/aVJ0RKqFZDE&list=PL64wiCrrxh4KkVGYd3LebkmuGyIMUKzTz

GoMad consumiendo APIs desde la nube
https://youtu.be/do423GIygL4&list=PL64wiCrrxh4KkVGYd3LebkmuGyIMUKzTz

Google IO 2013 - All the Ships in the World Visualizing Data with Google Cloud and Maps
https://youtu.be/MT7cd4M9vzs&list=PL64wiCrrxh4KkVGYd3LebkmuGyIMUKzTz

Google's Go Language FLOSS Weekly 284
https://youtu.be/UXjOBIVXhfY&list=PL64wiCrrxh4KkVGYd3LebkmuGyIMUKzTz

GopherCon 2018 Francesc Campoy Flores - Machine Learning on Go Code
https://youtu.be/Lt3qZAwQX3w&list=PL64wiCrrxh4KkVGYd3LebkmuGyIMUKzTz

Impressions & retours d'expérience sur le langage Go
https://youtu.be/oTMTDhy-vnY&list=PL64wiCrrxh4KkVGYd3LebkmuGyIMUKzTz

Interview DevoxxFR 2015 - Francesc Campoy sur Go
https://youtu.be/EW1bUOoBWTc&list=PL64wiCrrxh4KkVGYd3LebkmuGyIMUKzTz

justforfunc #10k thanks!
https://youtu.be/kuted8F2KJw&list=PL64wiCrrxh4KkVGYd3LebkmuGyIMUKzTz

Modèles de concurrence en Go
https://youtu.be/0HAjwfikSds&list=PL64wiCrrxh4KkVGYd3LebkmuGyIMUKzTz

State of Go 2020 changes since Go 1.12
https://youtu.be/0c-1KJwSMCw&list=PL64wiCrrxh4KkVGYd3LebkmuGyIMUKzTz

The Robustness of Go • Francesc Campoy • GOTO 2018
https://youtu.be/40d26ZGfhR8&list=PL64wiCrrxh4KkVGYd3LebkmuGyIMUKzTz

The State of Go What's new in Go 1.10
https://youtu.be/iR7LPAXWfmw&list=PL64wiCrrxh4KkVGYd3LebkmuGyIMUKzTz

The State of Go What's new since Go 1.10
https://youtu.be/mVAh5NSPlnE&list=PL64wiCrrxh4KkVGYd3LebkmuGyIMUKzTz

Will contracts replace interfaces  Francesc Campoy
https://youtu.be/E75b9kuyRKw&list=PL64wiCrrxh4KkVGYd3LebkmuGyIMUKzTz

[DevFest Nantes 2015] Go, Polymer, et Cloud Endpoints FTW!
https://youtu.be/-GXqYPSXKDE&list=PL64wiCrrxh4KkVGYd3LebkmuGyIMUKzTz
Videos 1-25