
3 rules to spark learning  Ramsey Musallam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YsYHqfk0X2A&list=

4 Lessons in Creativity  Julie Burstein  TED Talks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sY0Pf_pfqCI&list=

Creativity is a remix  Kirby Ferguson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zd-dqUuvLk4&list=

Embrace the Shake  Phil Hansen  TED Talks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YrZTho_o_is&list=

How I beat stage fright  Joe Kowan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lq_BVyou38s&list=

How to build your creative confidence  David Kelley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16p9YRF0l-g&list=

Isaac Mizrahi Fashion, passion, and about a million other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eSn6GP0UhKM&list=

Janet Echelman Taking imagination seriously
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9YekkGz1E2k&list=

Julie Taymor Spider-Man, The Lion King and life on the creative edge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SN7wO06Yz1E&list=

Malcolm McLaren - his life, authenticity vs karaoke culture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-wtmV0fAAg&list=

Maya Penn Meet a young entrepreneur, cartoonist, designer, activist ...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jVcaTtJmRNs&list=

Sting How I started writing songs again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oy25A7vnigg&list=

Success, failure and the drive to keep creating  Elizabeth Gilbert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_waBFUg_oT8&list=

The silent drama of photography  Sebastião Salgado
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qH4GAXXH29s&list=

The violin, and my dark night of the soul  Ji-Hae Park
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMGZQZRIsJE&list=

Tim Brown Tales of creativity and play
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjwUn-aA0VY&list=

Uri Alon Why truly innovative science demands a leap into the unknown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F1U26PLiXjM&list=

Where does creativity hide  Amy Tan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8D0pwe4vaQo&list=

Where good ideas come from  Steven Johnson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0af00UcTO-c&list=

Young-ha Kim Be an artist, right now!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRvDWVfib2c&list=

Your elusive creative genius  Elizabeth Gilbert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86x-u-tz0MA&list=
The beauty — and difficulty — of being creative