
Behaviour Driven Development at BSkyB
https://youtu.be/OMLDHNaUMB8&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Beyond Clouds Open Source Edge Computing in Python with SlapOS
https://youtu.be/U7twgv9IhqQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Building an Advanced Python Installation for Linux and Windows
https://youtu.be/5TwRVEe9MpA&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Building complex  scalable systems on Python and AWS
https://youtu.be/ymtlFdrwsZY&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Building your first app with python and MongoDB
https://youtu.be/FLIEJt6IymY&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Costruire applicazioni web complesse con le pluggable applications di TurboGears2 in pochi minuti
https://youtu.be/M8v06Wksx24&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Creating federated authorisation for a Django survey system
https://youtu.be/OeToCdcv8zo&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Fast Data Mining with Pytables and pandas
https://youtu.be/_JrZUm9ZHIw&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Functional programming in Python and even Haskell part 1
https://youtu.be/83YIQwtXKzk&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Functional programming in Python and even Haskell part 2
https://youtu.be/J992TknDAT8&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

How Brazil is building a digital nation with open source and Python
https://youtu.be/SpaWsnCRNo8&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

How to set proprietary geospatial data free with GDALOGR and Proj4
https://youtu.be/TPcDVxnsLuU&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Introduction to Number Crunching
https://youtu.be/sq8ef-KVaRc&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Minimalism in software development- or why you should do less
https://youtu.be/kEqwe7EGuQU&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Python is faster than fortran
https://youtu.be/5kn3Sugrxz8&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Python web applications in multihost- low latency environments
https://youtu.be/I_HqPjl6quo&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Repreducible installation of applications Zc Buildout
https://youtu.be/29rzDcisVZQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Scegliere con saggezza il proprio WSGI server
https://youtu.be/YKYpyGG6dvU&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Slew library GUIs made easy
https://youtu.be/WqBlq09pyBI&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Some Experiences with Python-For-Android -Py4A
https://youtu.be/RCBiw78SDb8&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

The integrators guide to duct-taping
https://youtu.be/1yZmtiNeffg&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

The Larch Environment Python programs as visual interactive documents
https://youtu.be/BaqaIw2c91o&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Twisted tutorial part 1
https://youtu.be/GuNwewBU_Hw&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Twisted tutorial part 2
https://youtu.be/VOUH4_ka2Ls&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K

Using sockets in Python
https://youtu.be/cPZokpaA0Vw&list=PL8uoeex94UhFKYBeJWJoRf_AIAej08-2K
Videos 26-50