
Alexys Jacob - A deep dive and comparison of Python drivers for Cassandra and Scylla
https://youtu.be/vWgTF5xnx8M&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Ben Nuttall - Tools for maintaining an open source Python project
https://youtu.be/qgM2md7TsEA&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Bernat Gabor - Lessons from the Trenches rewriting and re-releasing virtualenv
https://youtu.be/l9A0a8qZgOs&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Bhagvan Kommadi - Telehealth Platform  Python & Django powered
https://youtu.be/RBERo-AFkDw&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Bojan Miletic - Django Testing on Steroid pytest + Hypothesis
https://youtu.be/GBk02RntSVk&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Dustin Ingram - Static Typing in Python
https://youtu.be/cmmPDYa0gWo&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Elias Mistler - How to write multi-paradigm code
https://youtu.be/RHPFPhaLu58&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Europython 2020 -  Opening Session
https://youtu.be/CvbQArKEFes&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Itamar Turner-Trauring - Best practices for production-ready Docker packaging
https://youtu.be/H0UPw-ILiz4&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Jason McDonald - Writing Zenlike Python
https://youtu.be/ZHY5SCBckwg&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Jeffrey Mew - Supercharge your Data Science workflow with Notebooks, VS Code, and Azure
https://youtu.be/Tyvg0LOwd5o&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Kanianthra Chandy - IoTPy Python + Streams + Agents for Streaming Applications
https://youtu.be/AYkxrCaFG6s&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Lorenzo Peña - Yet another package for multi-tenancy in Django
https://youtu.be/eYpcPJaE19I&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Martin Christen - pyRT - Computer Graphics in Jupyter Notebooks for Fun and Teaching
https://youtu.be/bjFkuPXMmEc&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Mikhail Medvedev - Extending Python with Rust
https://youtu.be/hqFjJP5L-mk&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Miroslav Šedivý - Your Name Is Invalid!
https://youtu.be/IuZBTjaphsY&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Naomi Ceder - Staying for the Community Building Community in the face of Covid-19
https://youtu.be/GjGfLldzu5k&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Neeraj Pandey - The Joy of Creating Art with Code.
https://youtu.be/bjzPkhYmtOg&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Nisarg Shah - Developing GraphQL API in Django using Graphene
https://youtu.be/voR_YknH6uo&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Paolo Melchiorre - A pythonic full-text search
https://youtu.be/4DP0eKp2-nE&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Radosław Ganczarek - The joy of deleting code
https://youtu.be/Ly-JNvmc34U&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Roberto Polli - Extending HTTP for fun and non-profit
https://youtu.be/FoD3CCGUXrQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Sean Walsh - Serverless 2.0 with Cloudstate.io-stateful functions with Python
https://youtu.be/Er7YbFC6Zp8&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Vinicius Gubiani Ferreira - Effective Code Reviews
https://youtu.be/05o1LB6yzRM&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Yenny Cheung - Creating an inclusive team culture in times of change
https://youtu.be/PKjxIXGKI0w&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW
Videos 1-25