
Andy Lester   29 ways to get started in open source today
https://youtu.be/7GMgUoxN2ts&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

brian d foy   CPAN Workshop See one, do one, teach one
https://youtu.be/deo99RrHug8&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Dave Rolsky   Date, Times, Perl, and You
https://youtu.be/SpZL71hPFEs&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Deleted video
https://youtu.be/Pa7kyK3g578&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

JT Smith   Welcome to YAPCNA 2012
https://youtu.be/HPty5itY0JI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Juan Natera   Custom Facebook Integration
https://youtu.be/_nf25NvBEHE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Karen Pauley   Perl Foundation Address1
https://youtu.be/rZlMzAVowZ0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Karen Pauley   The Perl Foundation Review
https://youtu.be/5AuyKW0iB9s&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Kartik Thakore   Perl, Medical Research and Maple Syrups
https://youtu.be/yN23TwtGP0k&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Mark A  Stratman   Introduction to writing Perl Documentation
https://youtu.be/ZMoumb6yyw8&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Mark Allen   Intro to Dancer
https://youtu.be/PLBWwVWVGeg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Mark Fowler   Exceptional Exceptions
https://youtu.be/QxINO5LpAZE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Martin Holste   Perl for Big Data
https://youtu.be/U8Ax2S0mxz4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Mateu Hunter   Mojito Undocumented
https://youtu.be/SLpfSxaiAXg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Matt Trout   Distributed Daemon Discovery
https://youtu.be/DrwxrVNUA5M&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Matt Trout   Kudos for JT
https://youtu.be/QKnpr0GdNAw&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Michael Peters   Web Security 101
https://youtu.be/oDpAsarwtH0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Michael Schwern   Keynote
https://youtu.be/id6IA4AlUH8&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Mike Schilli   Large scale deployments with Pogo at Yahoo!
https://youtu.be/CE4hLYhfmBE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Nick Patch   Fundamental Unicode
https://youtu.be/iaoAXozGGHA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Noirin Plunkett   Becoming a Better Benevolent Dictator
https://youtu.be/z1F7Jatm8bM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Noirin Plunkett   Theres More Than One Way To Run A Project The Apache Way
https://youtu.be/Dm5P_4vhJcY&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Olaf Alders   Abusing the MetaCPAN API for Fun and Profit
https://youtu.be/QFV7X1tep5I&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Patrick Michaud   More laziness and lists LoLs, Hashes, Captures, and more
https://youtu.be/4W6KTsRup0s&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Patrick Michaud   Perl 6 Lists and Arrays vivified lazy, infinite, flat, slurpy, typed, bound, and LoL d
https://youtu.be/mrfK1dtyD14&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ
Videos 26-50