
009 Coding Securely in PHP
https://youtu.be/c3xbErpHBK0

010 ReactJS and the Flux architecture
https://youtu.be/xKlBivF4f44

011 Accessibility On The Web
https://youtu.be/XnwjPeUxno0

012 A Sunshine PHP Special
https://youtu.be/6XtOtFU7bY4

013 Test-Driven Development And Behavior-Driven Development in PHP
https://youtu.be/5kMSNIMmyR8

014 A Midwest PHP Special
https://youtu.be/gIlAU3g1c0Y

015 SemVer, Licensing & OS Support Expectations
https://youtu.be/HxcIv5lEK5c

016 Contributing To PHP 7
https://youtu.be/vI7r0AkVY0g

017 Modernizing Legacy Codebases
https://youtu.be/DsbEVMqia1A

018 F8 Afterglow & The PHP SDK
https://youtu.be/pD0XKftPjdA

019 The Business of PHP
https://youtu.be/RCa3nZ6e7Gw

020 A Loosely Coupled Mashup @ php[tek]
https://youtu.be/X7Hy38W1s7c

021 From Idea To Production Part 1
https://youtu.be/xKWurQ296FY

022 All About PSR-7
https://youtu.be/ZU5MZijl1ao

023 PHP's Major Bus Factor Problem
https://youtu.be/5qI6vi3kmS4

024 Becoming A PHP Entrepreneur
https://youtu.be/TYjRywSKCXs

025 PHP7 Release Management
https://youtu.be/_qq4LQYzkj8

026 Documentation & Developer Experience
https://youtu.be/wNGmtk_e87c

027 A Laracon US Special
https://youtu.be/k9VLVdjow4o

028 The Alcoholic & Unfit PHP Culture
https://youtu.be/MyKIpiPgj0c

029 The Only Girl In The Room
https://youtu.be/Ek-oUILCZCk

030 SOA and Microservices
https://youtu.be/a2AGGud099I

031 Checking in with PHP & HHVM internals
https://youtu.be/zQXFVMTbwyE

032 Running A Rockin' PHP User Group
https://youtu.be/BRrhHnmhrAA

033 Design Patternmania
https://youtu.be/rwXDnKokiks
Videos 51-75