
Python Basics 25 Horse Race Test Pt 1
https://youtu.be/TSrQMFTf94E&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPL-iNNx78sXaAcFaBUdL4n

Python Basics 25 Horse Race Test pt 2
https://youtu.be/qS8hUo84HX4&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPL-iNNx78sXaAcFaBUdL4n

Python Basics 25 Horse Race Test pt 3
https://youtu.be/jxL9LmrS2SI&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPL-iNNx78sXaAcFaBUdL4n

Python Basics 25 Horse Race Test Uncut
https://youtu.be/TDRHNEbvvYs&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPL-iNNx78sXaAcFaBUdL4n

Python Basics Better Than Average Full
https://youtu.be/61BSiv3w2bg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPL-iNNx78sXaAcFaBUdL4n

Python Basics Better than average pt 1
https://youtu.be/uaa8vOCaScM&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPL-iNNx78sXaAcFaBUdL4n

Python Basics Better than average pt 2
https://youtu.be/85cWmnKr2EM&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPL-iNNx78sXaAcFaBUdL4n

Python Basics Better than average pt 3
https://youtu.be/gzAGTTe0d2M&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPL-iNNx78sXaAcFaBUdL4n

Python Basics Board Game Pt  1
https://youtu.be/fzAEwJgWHfM&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPL-iNNx78sXaAcFaBUdL4n

Python Basics Board Game Pt  2
https://youtu.be/lE_GPgw1NoU&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPL-iNNx78sXaAcFaBUdL4n

Python Basics Board Game Pt  3
https://youtu.be/rHAG3XNhAJg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPL-iNNx78sXaAcFaBUdL4n

Python Basics Board Game Pt  4
https://youtu.be/irCSc8dMoMk&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPL-iNNx78sXaAcFaBUdL4n

Python Basics Guessing Game pt  2
https://youtu.be/QXAA5kNvvEo&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPL-iNNx78sXaAcFaBUdL4n

Python Basics Guessing Game
https://youtu.be/0ZmbhprSOXs&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPL-iNNx78sXaAcFaBUdL4n

Python Basics Monty Hall Odds Pt  2
https://youtu.be/IGQw2qwyTUA&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPL-iNNx78sXaAcFaBUdL4n

Python Basics Monty Hall Odds Pt  3
https://youtu.be/o9XLyc3WWoI&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPL-iNNx78sXaAcFaBUdL4n

Python Basics Monty Hall OddsPt  1
https://youtu.be/8mbor291w2E&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPL-iNNx78sXaAcFaBUdL4n

Python Basics Random Choice
https://youtu.be/2NCyNTCjL3k&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPL-iNNx78sXaAcFaBUdL4n

Python Basics Random Shuffle
https://youtu.be/Jiv9zVeIRBY&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPL-iNNx78sXaAcFaBUdL4n

Python Basics Re Module Pt  2
https://youtu.be/gt7mAL3aaxw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPL-iNNx78sXaAcFaBUdL4n

Python Basics Time List comprehension and for loops
https://youtu.be/D0UEwoMTq28&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPL-iNNx78sXaAcFaBUdL4n

Python Basics Tutorial Cleaner Random Password Generator with Random Choices Method
https://youtu.be/g1mI_woc0KM&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPL-iNNx78sXaAcFaBUdL4n

Python Basics Tutorial Pygame Random Choice Image
https://youtu.be/ua_l49hL4Zg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPL-iNNx78sXaAcFaBUdL4n

Python Basics Tutorial Random Seed Method  Data Science Building Block
https://youtu.be/mZiwtDYrpO8&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPL-iNNx78sXaAcFaBUdL4n

Python Basics What is a pseudo-random number
https://youtu.be/JU6pyJEE0Rg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPL-iNNx78sXaAcFaBUdL4n
Videos 1-25