
10K Subscribers Thank You Offer!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17sG0RUccPY

2017 January - June Intuitive Psychic Readings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__gY9wAFpYo

2021 Energies - Convergence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHJHU-WDz_0

2HR January Eclipse Special show with Alma Lightworker, Max and more...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KpWvgslNkTQ

A Big Reveal - Weekly Pulse June 15
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BvcvJOStXP8

All about Eclipses with Astrologer Joseph P. Anthony
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MX58AuXekD8

Alma and Joanna Live Readings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJ7pgQSNtEo

April - Aries, Leo, Sagittarius Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0G7kzut5b1A

April - Cancer, Scorpio, Pisces Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lkg8mrz0iGc

April - Gemini, Libra Aquarius Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kyQvVuVHRn4

April - Taurus, Virgo, Capricorn Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xw4dU4sawKQ

Aquarius April 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hl3_zLevwaI

Aquarius April 2017 Intuitive Reading - Peace and Stability
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ThsLcwRNF0M

Aquarius April 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8xzgH3IoHg

Aquarius April 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmdjhOvYHn0

Aquarius August 2016 Intuitive Reading - Stable Times Ahead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhlTw6TKtKk

Aquarius August 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9chP_IMooVo

Aquarius December 2016 Intuitive Reading - Charging Forward!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKGL3r1HTrk

Aquarius December 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Uyj1A8PBVM

Aquarius December 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHpcGZthcG0

Aquarius December Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCl8zbl704A

Aquarius February 2016 and Love Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArNscsfK0AA

Aquarius February 2017 Intuitive Reading - Peace
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B6VYyfVlAOY

Aquarius February 2018 Intuitive reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YDQZpGFZzs

Aquarius February 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O85aCheB4gc

Aquarius February Ascension Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0-HmruAJ18

Aquarius Intuitive Tarot reading Nov 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wiCN7pYDAs

Aquarius January 2016 and Year Overview Intuitive Tarot reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEYVwCp08o4

Aquarius January 2017 Intuitive Reading - Peace of mind and heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAQdTpqG7eU

Aquarius January 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_BGDdQqodE

Aquarius January 2019 (full video) Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wER6tMA2928

Aquarius January 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IjErzRLHwEk

Aquarius January 2020 Ascension Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Yxhd3Q45m4

Aquarius July 2016 Intuitive Reading - Completion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5q4QUIvvzlU

Aquarius July 2017 Intuitive Reading - Balance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sOLxIBlmwE

Aquarius July 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YGWJpuT7lLU

Aquarius July 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NA9iWGysNhA

Aquarius June 2016 Intuitive Reading - Feeling freedom is a choice!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXi0egLlPaw

Aquarius June 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHCu-aBL0NI

Aquarius June 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdYZWnoN7vM

Aquarius March 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RuH9Yt9CiYk

Aquarius March 2017 Intuitive Reading - Letting Go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DscN53uX8mc

Aquarius March 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UjR_iRhejl4

Aquarius March 2019 Intuitive Messages New Beginnings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4AuTmTAQto

Aquarius May 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading-New Beginnings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlB15sIODV4

AQUARIUS May 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yX8ituUUwuE

Aquarius May 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Im-UclbmcCI

Aquarius MayJune 2017 Intuitive Reading - EndingsNew beginnings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwpRxdGoTIk

Aquarius November 2016 Intuitive Reading - Taking Off!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jezlr9scD3g

Aquarius November 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuaWpKS0orY

Aquarius November 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTJdIuegmew

Aquarius October 2016 Intuitive Reading - Catalyst!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SS4Ehc74KBc

Aquarius October 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sAcY1uRtdo

Aquarius October 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMYYGfwXyHs

Aquarius September 2016 Intuitive Reading-Starting New
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LaKq30fl_Go

Aquarius September 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxYd7qP0VXQ

Aquarius September 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OO4aHJXhs8

AQUARIUS September Intuitive Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIYffK7FxFo

Aquarius Tarot Oct 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnL5y0lvf-o

Are You a Student or a Teacher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4OSoB_7wSQ

Are You Ready To Be Yourself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BlC_Zuczdfc

Are You Ready to Shift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmR48c6nvz8

Are You Ready To Wake up -  Weekly Pulse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8go0LG68Y88

Are You Ready
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQEdYQM3kx4

Aries April 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4tfZCI0Qrs

Aries April 2017 Intuitive Reading - Change your Beliefs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_iE9_X5caQ

Aries April 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9mCFVzvjtc

Aries April 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqoBhkuBKj0

Aries August 2016 Intuitive Reading - Career Changes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgpvLT2dNK0

Aries August 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0N_ucW_GlXw

Aries December 2016 Intuitive Reading - Appreciation for Self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sMi6h9rQXDA

Aries December 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E43f3pyi-dM

Aries December 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCqCzKJd1tk

Aries December Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5TnIQY3ut0

Aries February 2016 and Love Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwSxRhQuFkI

Aries February 2017 Intuitive Reading - Change of Perception
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-bDyM7x5YY

Aries February 2018 Intuitive reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hgaegs82BS8

Aries February 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBEv_4gO-Is

Aries February Ascension Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Dh1doTB4OE

Aries Intuitive Tarot reading December 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VnfT69wARws

Aries Intuitive Tarot reading Nov 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Q2-cmvsYCc

Aries January 2016 and Year Overview Intuitive Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q1zVnu4o6rI

Aries January 2017 Intuitive Reading - Don't forget who you are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1BKmzbgIUc0

Aries January 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PFSok9GTOE0

Aries January 2020 Ascension Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idjFYkqQdTk

Aries July 2016 Intuitive Reading - Self Reliance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29dt33B1Yz8

Aries July 2017 Intuitive Reading - Transformation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZRUpriYMBiQ

Aries July 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1OIbCJtvyA

Aries July 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWShHPo_4iY

Aries June 2016 Intuitive Reading - Gratitude and Forgivness for Self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PL_8F2x6UZI

Aries June 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YL69EYn4Ujw

Aries June 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gj4lABkiotM

Aries Leo Sagittarius - June Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsm5P5Fvfck

Aries March 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5CLqmCvHTDs

Aries March 2017 Intuitive Reading - Expansion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ai3r42Yj5No

Aries March 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6rk-UVgG6Ew

Aries March 2019 Intuitive Messages Integrity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FfX4kV7bo8

Aries May 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading - Watch your Anger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2We0QFRc_mY

ARIES May 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4J0HpiaISyM

Aries May 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmmWUBXTqMM

Aries MayJune 2017 Intuitive Reading - Changes around career, confidence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cwt5dOsiDe4

Aries November 2016 Intuitive Reading - Opportunity for builiding!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A7GiwHbvOiM

Aries November 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1-W99JcS_s

Aries November 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDh9VLY1yQM

Aries October 2016 Intuitive Reading - Changes Abound
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8myucYA6KA

Aries October 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NT9wzbHvs7E

Aries October 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcgW2j0hwss

Aries September 2016 Intuitive Reading - Change Your Beliefs!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxiyp-Ojiw8

Aries September 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9x3s8tCQeQ

Aries September 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7c-5Chulvs

ARIES September Intutive Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVAwjIm5GXA

Aries Tarot October 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eg3-1OUNBfo

Aries, Leo, Sagittarius - August Monthly Pulse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OwzVN0fcd4I

Aries, Leo, Sagittarius - July messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KtzTty2dBjU

Aries, Leo, Sagittarius - September Monthly Pulse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Vu-KfgOb2U

August 1118 New Moon Solar Eclipse Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0J2qtxvRrY

Be Brave - Weekly Pulse May 11th
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJof0rnRDUk

Becoming Highly Attuned - Mini Masterclass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERaHG4kVdLI

Beware of Shadows and 'Flame Throwing'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckeLNiDg_mg

Cancer April 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOzByhfv2sI

Cancer April 2017 Intuitive Reading -  New Beginnings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWXj2eMulJI

Cancer April 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FgIoLGyjFio

Cancer April 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BM-kEjHFKeE

Cancer August 2016 Intuitive Reading - Focus on Health
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jTk2CxzkFo

Cancer August 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egNkrd3obO8

Cancer December 2016 Intuitive Reading - Emptional Freedom and Higher Wisdom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnZeSpXzTSo

Cancer December 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7n3pvZBFm8Q

Cancer December 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avlUNcApGGg

Cancer December Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PtxChl4UI0

Cancer February 2016 and Love Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWHhcMLpQ3M

Cancer February 2017 Intuitive Reading - Newness in the Air
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1giY8FP5nU

Cancer February 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZLL4CB5M1D0

Cancer February 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h021x4rVyVA

Cancer February Ascension Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=he86pQdtwnc

Cancer intuitive Tarot reading Nov 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7weEo5-gpg

Cancer January 2016 & Year Overview Intuitive Tarot reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sh2jyLVUq3o

Cancer January 2017 Intuitive Reading - Process of creation has begun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCX5NtrjM8U

Cancer January 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fp2aayB2LLc

Cancer January 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YH5MhEphCyE

Cancer January 2020 Ascension Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMI_GTc_fEQ

Cancer July 2016 Intuitive Reading - Remission and Emotional Healing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xAkwSMkbD4M

Cancer July 2017 Intuitive Reading - Renewal and Preserverance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSbf00DqT_k

Cancer July 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnr24GXD3ZI

Cancer July 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KoHJ64fwg_U

Cancer June 2016 Intuitive Reading - Do not let others dictate what you do!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MF8ys_1Fs2s

Cancer June 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usRt9LDUZC4

Cancer June 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIJNHAcVj-s

Cancer March 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tWzuWj9cNk

Cancer March 2017 Intuitive Reading - Freedom of Expression
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UlyUXZR5_i8

Cancer March 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-RjlrKDm_w

Cancer March 2019 Intuitive Messages Relief!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rZ4_BJ4A4jU

Cancer May 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading-A Road to Recovery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qd3BDIyRikw

CANCER May 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcqE2O11DdM

Cancer May 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqxzUoWTW6U

Cancer MayJune 2017 Intuitive Reading - Seeing different perspective
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xFF7-RWx1Q

Cancer November 2016 Intuitive Reading - Emotional Freedom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cp72QypnYU

Cancer November 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pUM3SinzjI

Cancer November 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FUmwlTjbh_o

Cancer October 2016 Intuitive Reading -  Allow Yourself to Receive Fully
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNrv8E8fhsE

Cancer October 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=meLIK5hLSs0

Cancer October 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-fCoMrGVJI

Cancer Scorpio Pisces - June Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKzkXHQ83Zs

Cancer September 2016 Intuitive Reading - Return to Health and New Career!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MIQUhm7Fs-Q

Cancer September 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flXBuqe3AuA

Cancer September 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEDzPS1nmtk

CANCER September Intuitive Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9TzviZ92GFk

Cancer Tarot October 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4V8HlLeXV8

Cancer, Scorpio, Pisces - August Monthly Pulse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ps7kiijkwaI

Cancer, Scorpio, Pisces - July Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXkYqT1jX5g

Cancer, Scorpio, Pisces - September Monthly Pulse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtgJTR7nVAo

Capricorn - July 2017 Intuitive Reading - Transformation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AMd-iRcZCTw

Capricorn April 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npic0QRzgGQ

Capricorn April 2017 Intuitive Reading - Letting Go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLDON_FdSWc

Capricorn April 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUmurMMZ5mE

Capricorn April 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hB-aDUio1g

Capricorn August 2016 Intuitive Reading -  Choices and Decisions!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W0kF8uwRIls

Capricorn August 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0wXtPuqOag

Capricorn December 2016 Intuitive Reading - Stop Resisting!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AROPideQhAg

Capricorn December 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6HOxZ-SLxo

Capricorn December 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8LUUoFhckc

Capricorn December Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EoKbSTs5dZw

Capricorn February 2016 and Love Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmNORRWU12c

Capricorn February 2017 Intuitive Reading - Stronger Foundations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_m6htqS5ik

Capricorn February 2018 Intuitive reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFqRR4lD2nA

Capricorn February 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjeC8_GouOk

Capricorn February Ascension Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1CgD33j3_jo

Capricorn Intuitive Tarot reading December 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-EOOnKepss

Capricorn Intuitive Tarot reading Nov 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M89k9nVKqow

Capricorn January 2016 and Year Overview Intuitive Tarot reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qw0917g0A6c

Capricorn January 2017 Intuitive Reading - Opportunities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNAPLeJ912I

Capricorn January 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSr5b2zIOf0

Capricorn January 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PBu2NxmWmjs

Capricorn January 2020 Ascension Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pp0q5IeJ2-E

Capricorn July 2016 Intuitive Reading - Possibilities and Relationships
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqY1CHwBFsU

Capricorn July 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FhUkJoxRzk

Capricorn July 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8UzA4-OxhGo

Capricorn June 2016 Intuitive Reading - Leave your baggage behind!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrM0BZY3cs4

Capricorn June 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VSVyiWAaWBM

Capricorn June 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hG1ih7nNuq4

Capricorn March 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DuseFd0LTl0

Capricorn March 2017 Intuitive Reading - Change around Relationships
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ls2tAJKHPZI

Capricorn March 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a5Q5qYsx1fQ

Capricorn March 2019 Intuitive Messages Your Attitude Matters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rk8fV7eUyws

Capricorn May 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading-Self Expression
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bTwBB0RUvVk

CAPRICORN May 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Glvhr5fuIjM

Capricorn May 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XvCd1YmVokI

Capricorn MayJune 2017 Intuitive Reading - Harmony
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96wpQHrRSdo

Capricorn November 2016 Intuitive Reading - Road to Recovery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JpNmkI1ay2A

Capricorn November 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNrxhfBg6Hc

Capricorn November 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lISJrZk6Ogs

Capricorn October 2016 Intuitive Reading - Patience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wfzzgGphKw

Capricorn October 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wN3SbmtHktc

Capricorn October 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHtygcobYeQ

Capricorn September 2016 - Look for Peace within your Heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sXoQwte4g8I

Capricorn September 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcCogwTVlkg

Capricorn September 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14TL0HO8UL8

CAPRICORN September Intuitive Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MplDntbvbqY

Capricorn Tarot 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nr8PCoaC8Ps

Cathy Looks into the future with Joanna the Medium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y2b5RVG2H2w

Clear Space - Weekly Pulse July 6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nu39xmMeyQ

Courage To Be You! - Pick-A-Card - Weekly Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okOnH_mqpdE

De Clutter - Weekly Pulse July 20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=McCk2rJEaG8

December 2018 Spirit Message for All
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Nk7VXhmCbk

Elevated Human -  Weekly Pulse Aug 31
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UU4frMb5Tpw

Embrace & Allow -  Weekly Pulse July 27
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wPediOKDzQ

Embrace Your Shadow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cD4kS07u9k

Emotional Freedom - JupiterSaturn Dec 21- Weekly Pulse Pick A Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33A_ov5ToYU

Emotional Independence - Pick A Card - Weekly Pulse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6NEQIxc9UE

EXCITING NEWS!!!......Live shows......
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSlODp3BTzk

Expanding Awareness & Resistance - Pick-A-Card Weekly Pulse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDdHyMImA-0

Expectations - Weekly Pulse - May 25
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6TyPUWbpXQ

Fear of Dissapointment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EcszTVNG0kM

FREE 2HR LIVE READINGS and May 2017 forecast
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q1C9k1cnFUM

FREE Live Readings and Secrets to Manifesting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06F43LK3KAA

FREE Readings LIVE - Monday May 718 - 7pm PST10pm EST
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tl4Whb-vRx4

From Medium to a Healer - Interview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbfT8R1cmkY

Gemini 1 November 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7q3sRYlZw-s

Gemini 2 November 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oL4A5KjmzhE

Gemini April 2016 Intuitive Tarot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0po--YoWqc

Gemini April 2017 Intuitive Reading -  Choices and Decisions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OlXnYGFsDhc

Gemini April 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o49Maf3gzvk

Gemini April 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MVyqEaLXQc

Gemini August 2016 Intuitive Reading - New Beginnings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9TpUHYvu9RE

Gemini August 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvQi23LUpU8

Gemini December 2016 Intuitive Reading - Money will come!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pn3z9VPDMwk

Gemini December 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNeQDhMovEw

Gemini December 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cUf3P-jyXs

Gemini December Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8MAtNI0aqo

Gemini February 2016 and Love Intuitive Tarot reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jgrZlV4bLo

Gemini February 2017 Intuitive Reading -  Major Transformation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWp5GX3S_5g

Gemini February 2018 Intuitive reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMjPeXFFCrg

Gemini February 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XvCkwS3H-tM

Gemini February Ascension Messages (updated)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pYKM8-riPDY

Gemini Intuitive Tarot reading December 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uGjWXzcWFh8

Gemini Intuitive Tarot reading Nov 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnoNXIv3UCk

Gemini January 2016 and Year Overview Intuitive Tarot reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkaDDMwKqGM

Gemini January 2017 Intuitive Reading - Changes!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCy6uwF9pYg

Gemini January 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BclG5-3o4Ts

Gemini January 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KPSzQHIKvG0

Gemini January 2020 Ascension Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVGo4qZQ5vA

Gemini July 2016 Intuitive Reading - You Are Not Alone!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LAj8VB8rct4

Gemini July 2017 Intuitive Reading -  New beginnings and healing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQCxEuKJnS8

Gemini July 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TanAzsKqm3E

Gemini July 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3T_MtesQ5OA

Gemini June 2016 Intuitive Reading -  Patience within yourself!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRfkoCouP6A

Gemini June 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeDLl2aO2gw

Gemini June 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWLS0a25yYo

Gemini Libra Aquarius - June Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YSzUKJkEfYc

Gemini March 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDZ-7nxnPwE

Gemini March 2017 Intuitive Reading - Freedom from your Past
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dobxfdU6Y0M

Gemini March 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1pZUnCV25w

Gemini March 2019 Intuitive Messages Believe in Luck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QyUEfpz6f-E

Gemini May 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading - Beyond the Illusion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TvxPQs4vzDc

GEMINI May 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXtpxM4BwkA

Gemini May 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYgUI1kAHeY

Gemini MayJune 2017 Intuitive Reading - Reserve your Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RfiEzn9jyto

Gemini November 2016 Intuitive Reading - Examine your beliefs!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dfdm8NUwlx8

Gemini November 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mN2N_yW0J2U

Gemini October 2016 Intuitive Reading -  Persevere!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xp6mvdDOBjk

Gemini October 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jCykJlv_8k

Gemini October 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDwNT9DUO1Y

Gemini September 2016 Intuitive Reading - Time for Profound Change!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GlV9QjiJMaY

Gemini September 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-nyg18sH88Q

Gemini September 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84tpD31kN50

GEMINI September Intutive Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krynCNDFEE8

Gemini Tarot October 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V6wMCZWkv-Q

Gemini, Libra, Aquarius - August Monthly Pulse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-Z10xOBj0A

Gemini, Libra, Aquarius - July Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wL5rWdWEB0

Gemini, Libra, Aquarius - September Monthly Pulse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tf5e397uKVs

Go Slow - Weekly Pulse June 7
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTuubEV4S4Y

Harness the Energy - Weekly Pulse - Aug 24
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ungdysLrvQ

Heal Thoughts - Weekly Pulse July 13
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1idhkoWlD4I

How Attuned Are You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FtMO4bBWv-c

How did you discover mediumship
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIGTLZs3bZA

How Open Is Your Heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jBVSAdwgvjg

How to Be Grateful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMY9kkYGqpQ

How to Deal with Resistance!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4B6zaza1P8

How to recognize your psychic and mediumship abilities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=abLSXIxDCzM

How Well Do You  Know Yourself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RLs4AdAhJuY

I am taking your questions LIVE July 10th 7PM PST10PM EST
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYMeda0HIyo

Identity Crisis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5KTk325nTo

Importance of Acceptance - Weekly Pulse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5vlJ75h3LM

Incubation - Weekly Pulse May 18
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06I34X4ZXSY

Instantly Shift Your Vibration!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jusIzFZr3zA

Integrating Polarities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BQDR1Qwxy4

Intentions,  Activations,  Transitions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A5tDhUB6KtE

Interview and live readings with Ama Lightworker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WGBXtW0I88

Interview with a former ordained minister
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eXQT0VffIzE

Interview with Author and Life Strategist Sylvie Pepin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WgzAIHGbC_U

Interview with Joanna The Medium - Shed Show TALK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6diCHc8YEGI

Interview with Tarot Lumination
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bPEZxgOxbU

Invitation to Private 'Team Joanna' Forum
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJhwrkWQbSc

iOM Radio Interview with Joanna the Medium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5efmXA7GRCY

Is Mediocrity Holding You Back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5v2alZdevY

Joanna answers calls live (Aired on May 718)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOKQdvQEIQw

Joanna Answers Your Burning Questions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWRZPzOUpq0

Joanna answers your MOST BURNING QUESTIONS LIVE-March 19th 7pm PST10pm EST
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIWGmJOJcTE

Joanna Answers Your Questions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OR8PmlVBGE0

Joanna opens up about her life - Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hX31D6udSjU

Joanna talks about her and the corporate world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_oyK-0Wu_Es

Joanna The Medium - (Part 1)-Discovering Your Truth with Calan Breckon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mq2tLWLmRPc

Joanna The Medium - Introduction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxPU6Wk0PKc

Joanna The Medium - What have you learned as a medium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myejKQTbzwA

Joanna The Medium Interview-May 2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7D-uBYGMHw

Joanna The Medium Live Stream (1325159)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsHqMFkeCu0

Joanna The Medium Live Stream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82P8k57FckA

July 13 Eclpise General Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpSKpL43D0s

July 1617 Eclipses-Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eeDBT87d0WI

July-December 2017 Intuitive Readings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jB1Bd_q_30

July-December 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1PNWFxVAVq0

Keep Going! -  Weekly Pulse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yHLePIYqy3g

Leo - July 2017 Intuitive Reading - Better times ahead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkasfh_N6s0

Leo April 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dD54ZNmz5r0

Leo April 2017 Intuitive Reading - Fast Movement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6y3nCy0Qqrw

Leo April 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVtoPSNoerk

Leo April 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQUL0wSypzo

Leo August 2016 Intuitive Reading - Legal Matters & Career Changes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ahy7WTT3aWE

Leo August 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PiipXJp-8XQ

Leo December 2016 Intuitive Reading - Charge forward fearlessly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icl80tVbXsc

Leo December 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-GCRZrZVahw

Leo December 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ZRu2AufouU

Leo December Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZPh_j3bXOE

Leo February 2016 and Love Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppUaPkse7hc

Leo February 2017 Intuitive Reading - Change and Opportunities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_0lxoCYLVs

Leo February 2018 Intuitive reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6kRIQJtbBD4

Leo February 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGf-MnV71QY

Leo February Ascension Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Ipnb9eG7yY

Leo intuitive Tarot reading November 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PFNeh1h_DFU

Leo January 2016 & year overview intuitive tarot reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NR8NP5_oCHc

Leo January 2017 Intuitive Reading - Contentment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtA0hPdKjJE

Leo January 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzWUe5Ewigo

Leo January 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NPo-SQxe7Mg

Leo January 2020 Ascension Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AU9cKtGGFpo

Leo July 2016 Intuitive Reading - Manifesting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OfPwiVVdH7I

Leo July 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28eedjOvMr8

Leo July 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCSKhGfLp3w

Leo June 2016 Intutive Reading - Transformation and Contemplation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FZirtwEDe6k

Leo June 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TxxnqTsna1s

Leo June 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FuzUta-G36g

Leo March 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3iRz325a6s

Leo March 2017 Intuitive Reading - Changes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHzpgkJt07A

Leo March 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_q1DguWn1Uk

Leo March 2019 Intuitive Messages Observe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITqSbIhot7Q

Leo May 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading - Manifesting  & Patience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M2kn-xU4vPg

LEO May 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gTJn65JGZ6o

Leo May 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RePxlLO4FN0

Leo MayJune 2017 Intuitive Reading - Discernment and Patience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERF6hpg4KE8

Leo November 2016 Intuitive Reading - Possible challenges ahead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLCRwmegfQo

Leo November 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qxt0g5j5-_Y

Leo November 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8x86jmeF_w

Leo October 2016 Intuitive Reading - Excitement!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=klGU3Xlxg8w

Leo October 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B83QkHXlJ78

Leo October 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cI-EZN21h4c

Leo September 2016 Intuitive Reading - Need to Re-assess
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAL7ZuSkE5A

Leo September 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNeRvY-S2Kw

Leo September 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3kL8hoZJ7s

LEO September Intutive Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKloLke_b6s

Leo Tarot October 2015 E
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkcNkOfu79Y

Letting Go of Blame
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnvP5WZj5SI

Letting Go of Labels!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adGrVEOsOX0

Libra April 2016 Intuitve Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wq2Dr8d0Ku8

Libra April 2017 Intuitive Reading - Time to go Within
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OG5ap92Zemg

Libra April 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgrtCoOkdlw

Libra April 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8TvppxMEsWk

Libra August 2016 Intuitive Reading - Watch your Thoughts!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pst7ImE75go

Libra August 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1tH_Qqc7oU

Libra December 2016 Intuitive Reading - Opportunities Abound
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6aYSMY78WU

Libra December 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6GG7iGzmgg

Libra December 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Qq1yvOWxgM

Libra December Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JoBh20f3Bhk

Libra Februar 2017 Intuitive Reading - Time for Change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJPawfkoo3c

Libra February 2016 and Love Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLpZwvmPuEw

Libra February 2018 Intuitive reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s4EWHKuDVfs

Libra February 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8yPPQPmj8Q

Libra February Ascension Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y4zUNMvssR4

Libra Intuititve tarot reading December 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GR0pZaNh3PE

Libra Intuitive Tarot reading Nov 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qp1uA3IPwoI

Libra January 2016 and Year Overview Intuitive Tarot reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zOFNQjbSf60

Libra January 2017 Intuitive Reading - Take your power back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LMoPWvV5e3Y

Libra January 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4svbfPEXDiM

Libra January 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8jRE1XfNA0

Libra January 2020 Ascension Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVJdh4NB1_c

Libra July 2016 Intuitive Reading - Choices and Decisions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TDaHTldKDP0

Libra July 2017 Intuitive Reading -  Breaking free and Options
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plMnRnNyZCk

Libra July 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QaA52kQWDa0

Libra July 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tP6oUeWvXEU

Libra June 2016 Intuitive Reading - Givng AND receiving!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ek8phpePL9M

Libra June 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cs8PLZJTG3Q

Libra June 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jIuNiUYGQl4

Libra March 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTjHuSb9mok

Libra March 2017 Intuitive Readings - Breaking Old Chains
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASWeakRYgMY

Libra March 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rPPK7HHFf4

Libra March 2019 Intuitive Messages Resilience, Hope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfZv7oJna00

Libra May 2016 Inutitive Tarot Reading-Peace of Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYvYPlyhPck

LIBRA May 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wiIjn5nVuko

Libra May 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Dmd7LIXX60

Libra MayJune 2017 Intuitive Reading - Reclaim your Power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mnskojRstZ0

Libra November 2016 Intuitive Reading - Power of Information
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJXyBT-SeKA

Libra November 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ip__5C2uGk

Libra November 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncLyAaaN_4A

Libra October 2016 - Intuitive Reading - Move on the Horizon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9I-OA2_NuDU

Libra October 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unQ7RvJRILA

Libra October 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MDydIoqAMM

Libra September 2016 Intuitive Reading - Allow Yourself to Receive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxF1ymsB_e8

Libra September 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ve8DogA51Xc

Libra September 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SA9XNeTOUuo

LIBRA September Intutive Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5B_uR6gsyDc

Libra Tarot Part 1 October 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bdx3KXvPwVE

Libra Tarot Part 2 October 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0JqZqFCxCw

Lions Gate Weekly Pulse - Aug 8 - Release
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjtJu3-XUlg

LIVE FREE Readings Monday, APRIL 3RD with Ama Lightworker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_LSI3ctd1g

Live Readings - Monday October 16th 7pm PST10pm EST
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ED3YuERMESE

LIVE READINGS Monday August 7th 7pm PST10pm EST
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6j0GvtnjhU

LIVE READINGS September 18th -7pm PST10pm EST
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PUg2IgFrifE

Live readings with Brian - Sol-gier Tarot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_wKebrFUeo

Live Readings with Helen Lee-Atkins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8fega-tkX4

MANIFESTATION & FREQUENCY With Leon and Joanna The Healer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWNmTACcOr0

Manifesting Abundance with Tien -  The Modern Wizard!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWyTSkMg8xo

Manifesting with Stephanie McWilliams- Joanna The Medium Radio Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YcyxG2aZ-Vk

Maturity - Weekly Pulse Aug 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IGehxRqt9Uo

May - Aries, Leo, Sagittarius Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2wMEZow5HM

May - Cancer, Scorpio, Pisces Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zmfk7a5nAMY

May - Taurus, Virgo, Capricorn Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Lg28KZ3Wj8

May 15th New MoonURANUS Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCV9a_9iltY

May-Gemini, Libra, Aquarius Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kohPXp0GtZc

Mid August 2017 + Eclipses - Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0OdfhPbvv0

Mid June 2018 General Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qwY0et0XKs

Near Death Experiences with Paul Elder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IqTBBxky_j0

New Frequencies - Live with Leon and Joanna the Healer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dwFX8KU5fU

New Moon in Aries April 15
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RYsdP1gBwlI

New Moon March 17th General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_9po0IXFFk

OBE explained with William Buhlman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJAAdXrhMx8

October 142018 - Moon Enters Capricorn - Spirit Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99Bnwi_x2FM

Pace Yourself SOLAR ECLIPSE New Moon Pick-A-Card Weekly Pulse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHY4Q4koVhs

Pices December Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNtDIfTaUg8

Piesces Intuitive Tarot reading December 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0v-KQ8Q2z8

Piesces Intuitive Tarot reading Nov 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPxqgkI2uHI

Pisces April 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-pesGujebdw

Pisces April 2017 Intuitive Reading - Passion and Deeper Truth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RxhTZsQAIVk

Pisces April 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJOAXGeUIu8

Pisces April 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0JHg1SRRjYk

Pisces August 2016 Intuitive Reading - Be Patient!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jaUboNGV64s

Pisces August 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yfdr-qTd_ag

Pisces December 2016 Intuitive Reading - Changes, Well Done!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6XGSW1Ww1A

Pisces December 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OlpJcKlUytw

Pisces December 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6UCH1aphw-M

Pisces February 2016 and Love Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekKgITP8VEk

Pisces February 2017 Intuitive Reading - New Beginnings Coming Soon!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXsDCqDmTZg

Pisces February 2018 Intuitive reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuA7YGuA64g

Pisces February 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGh1wtnqZCw

Pisces February Ascension Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lS-wucesAeM

Pisces January 2016 and Year Overview Intuitive Tarot reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AwpjbeI-Cg

Pisces January 2017 Intuitive Reading - New relationships
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bR9MrmyGdH4

PISCES January 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrJMObfkoYA

Pisces January 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8zty7cYXy4

Pisces January 2020 Ascension Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ozQA69fvIM

Pisces July 2016 Intuitive Reading - Pay Attention to Your Thoughts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SYMcG3KK5rE

Pisces July 2017 Intuitive Reading - Happier times ahead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5Eepz5qO4c

Pisces July 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ep87NNpl0IE

Pisces July 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NYHWAAkwiqc

Pisces June 2016 Intuitive Reading - Forgivness of Self and Others!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5W_q5m8xgs

Pisces June 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NTZb4EZiRc0

Pisces June 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wy9kUFe-SwI

Pisces March 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIW1d1k1TY0

Pisces March 2017 Intuitive Reading - Conclusions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XmdLQnAA6aw

Pisces March 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nTVer8NZVc

Pisces March 2019 Intuitive Messages Luck vs Lack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Gb3RCVbzcE

Pisces May 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading - Live Without Fear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CuuZTEbSJ9s

PISCES May 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbrR6DhAvWQ

Pisces May 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehWepdWEY74

Pisces MayJune 2017 Intuitive Reading - Expansion!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zj1-iI5Dm2w

Pisces November 2016 Intuitive Reading - Fear and Failure, Change is on the way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7pGofpfveA

Pisces November 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INmmFWslgHo

Pisces November 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_MCPoqaIRk

Pisces October 2016 Intuitive Reading - Transitions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68BbHu3Dmys

Pisces October 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfTIYNofAbc

Pisces October 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xv7LFJvo2i4

Pisces September 2016 Intuitve Reading - Changes!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MiNpuESMFMg

Pisces September 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZLLmRiX0Zc

Pisces September 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBYc5D0T-eM

PISCES September Intutive Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UcSFJ9BCb5w

Pisces Tarot October 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XaB6nv3HiQk

Plant Medicine Q&A - Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYTbSlKgL9s

Plant Medicine Q&A - Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_Tb6MGLBbs

Practice - Weekly Pulse June 29
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bB7ALtqXRJI

Preceptions & Other Realities - Weekly Pulse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9benmXf0co

Procrastination - Weekly Pulse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ta22Nnn2Wy4

Psychic Playground with Joanna & Stephanie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95pHT9nNbR8

Q&A Tuesday Part 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wziahGldF-I

Q&A Tuesdays - Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYky4fDeTWo

Q&A Tuesdays Part 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSRPmn28rmk

Q&A Tuesdays Part 5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sQf3GFAW-A

Q&A Tuesdays part 6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LwcF1ZBtVBI

Q&A Tuesdays Part 7
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iepHOCQ0Rxk

Q&A Tuesdays Part 8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgl3PVIt7Sw

Re-Defining New Normal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cL1fwQqz-k4

Relationship Intuitive Readings mid Feb-May 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pi93HAfAqFQ

Roundup - Weekly Pulse June 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibXaxYK8wAY

Sagitarius April 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qH9yqw0XiM

Sagitarius April 2017 Intuitive Reading - Power and Balance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BG1TbbiUKgA

Sagitarius April 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ci_MHeRZzNc

Sagitarius April 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FN-VOly4dvg

Sagitarius August 2016 Intuitive Reading - Fast Movement, Watch your Thoughts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsOhWLZko90

Sagitarius August 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D09to8Zeb64

Sagitarius December 2016 Intuitive Reading - Don't be afraid to move forward
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3lSNmELKfPA

Sagitarius December 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uucf6Gi7Ngc

Sagitarius December 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1rPf6OSL7g

Sagitarius December Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRzjeGsgk_w

Sagitarius February 2016 and Love Intuitive Tarot reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StgajjyJyCw

Sagitarius February 2017 Intuitive Reading - Unions and Collaborations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5eqn9sXCbgU

Sagitarius February 2018 Intuitive reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zdyc0XwfbYY

Sagitarius February 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jfz1BimdDWY

Sagitarius Intuitive Tarot reading December 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5E0WXejoLO4

Sagitarius Intuitive Tarot reading Nov 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1BOge1Lagpo

Sagitarius January 2017 Intuitive Reading - Peace of mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDkcagl0QB8

Sagitarius January 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqoQ27UOOD8

Sagitarius January 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9brg1hMRfU

Sagitarius July 2016 Intuitive Reading - Self Respect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vDa_yf8OjiY

Sagitarius July 2017 Intuitive Reading - Reclaiming your Power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hudDzamwVLA

Sagitarius July 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvEZNYcbEDc

Sagitarius July 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7W3FM0gwBNk

Sagitarius June 2016 Intuitive Reading - Life is too short to live in worry!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=caM3NLnshdk

Sagitarius June 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IccoX7hyyH8

Sagitarius June 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OS2EjYOUZz8

Sagitarius March 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8IMI9jv1Go

Sagitarius March 2017 Intuitive Reading - Let Yourself Receive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sf0gco5wI6I

Sagitarius March 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hs7BuQtgiWQ

Sagitarius March 2019 Intuitive Messages What's Missing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Upq_H9c9Byk

Sagitarius May 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading - Compassion and Peace of Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11q0ZKdvl1E

SAGITARIUS May 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FOY7nM18DU

Sagitarius May 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BpiHETePPU

Sagitarius MayJune 2017 Intuitive Reading - New beginnings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDioLtsYp9o

Sagitarius November  2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERWkFDK-myI

Sagitarius November 2016 Intuitive Reading - Go forward fearlessly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WvBp4kClBy0

Sagitarius November 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rneQ2aoBFQ

Sagitarius October 2016 Intuitive Reading - Patience during Transitions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNzCYgCQcCA

Sagitarius October 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wp9vD1YWKzM

Sagitarius October 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_sMOtTZ9KqI

Sagitarius September 2016 Intuitive Reading - Change your Patterns!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxvc4sK-uLY

Sagitarius September 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8FKBIIiZho

Sagitarius September 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lg-20AejV4Y

SAGITARIUS September Intutive Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQqRU-EcLiY

Sagittarius February Ascension Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUuj_JbvSnk

Sagittarius January 2016 and Year Overview Intuitive Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZJgXBK09qI

Sagittarius January 2020 Ascension Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbUb8qlVBTc

Sagittarius Tarot October 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2P4imDwq9jY

Scorpio April 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=13WUwgZ8Eqo

Scorpio April 2017 Intuitive Reading - Expansion and Self Responsibility
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGJtKKW9hPU

Scorpio April 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOVTP7dwYvw

Scorpio April 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CzMCQVI5xAk

Scorpio August 2016 Intuitive Reading -  Good News Coming your Way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DVwwYQPL8eE

Scorpio August 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i95h4vb4K4k

Scorpio December 2016 Intuitive Reading - Patience with yourself and others
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlhZp1sH8vs

Scorpio December 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cleONj0CsMY

Scorpio December 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NnDG8Kv8s8o

Scorpio December Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIjuAtr04vE

Scorpio February 2016 and Love Intuitive Tarot reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TowgrihFIy0

Scorpio February 2017 Intuitive Reading - Money, Money, Money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rdu39DhD1o8

Scorpio February 2018 Intuitive reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ev4JqhLhEEg

Scorpio February 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyTLx2bRg2U

Scorpio February Ascension Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjAcuOz5Fvw

Scorpio Intuitive Tarot reading December 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgJYYx23IeI

Scorpio Inutitive Tarot reading Nov 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s23X5bKVjeA

Scorpio January 2016 and Year Overview Intuitive Tarot reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dUInnLH43d4

Scorpio January 2017 Intuitive Reading -  Opportunities are coming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZolhwTVnLY

Scorpio January 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZugL7Qq530

Scorpio January 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xh3Hy8u5tkU

Scorpio January 2020 Ascension Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QYA4p-GZ_4

Scorpio July 2016 Intuitive Reading - Patience and Surrender
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6_zJGfPW90

Scorpio July 2017 Intuitive Reading - Moving into a brighter future
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUajRVxvYVE

Scorpio July 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IQN0oophvo

Scorpio July 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuxXb8-RUvg

Scorpio June 2016 Intuitive Reading - The child within needs nurturing!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9o1wpCXRuI

Scorpio June 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OqZyPxEzXw

Scorpio June 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhjcr7GbakA

Scorpio March 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rN8a3G_nFq4

Scorpio March 2017 Intuitive Reading - Adventure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gIBzv_WJbCQ

Scorpio March 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_ByaYqsY1E

Scorpio March 2019 Intuitive Messages Purification
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OdTgjVP8v_Q

Scorpio May 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading - Potential for Change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QlZZNdVqj1M

SCORPIO May 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-zdYjhVHsw

Scorpio May 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XiYT5euYTY0

Scorpio MayJune 2017 Intuitive Reading - New beginnings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_nxChLxjWw

Scorpio November 2016 Intuitive Reading - Inner changes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxzZZy7hGtY

Scorpio November 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4wVuzo6oJc

Scorpio November 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z6g7JtNBkS8

Scorpio October 2016 Intuitive Reading - Respect Yourself!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I48zE-tbmlk

Scorpio October 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szTQbyO5s8M

Scorpio October 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6O7FZRw68Ik

Scorpio September 2016 Intuitive Reading - Career Changes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1he4WlmTjA

Scorpio September 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQVZkBn6Lmo

Scorpio September 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62yFga3GyfE

SCORPIO September Intutive Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q60OzcD6Wdc

Scorpio Tarot October 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydKkXeWPEkk

Seeking Recognition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMrX2kovjew

Self Wealth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkwptx3vJkQ

September 13th Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrxM4coulEk

September 2016 videos update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ky5YjG_dT_U

Show Me The Money... (What is Of Value!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwYyNwIeUww

Soul Ascension - June 21 Eclipse -  Weekly Pulse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnZLvuQTqKo

Soul Healing Conversations with Roz Kincaid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UMdRF4IGY9I

SoulRemedi - Conscious Energy Integration App
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9Z8aUrveyo

Spiritual Cleanliness - Weekly Pulse - Aug 17
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=itIqLbUJun4

Spirituality, Feelings and Truth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVU2cnLEsDU

Staying The Course - Weekly Pulse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvpEpU_b4qU

Taurus April 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4Y9HDuz9WM

Taurus April 2017 Intuitive Reading - Celebration and Recognition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UEbJPwm7Yo8

Taurus April 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTThNs9r3wc

Taurus April 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-D-FANe2uhg

Taurus August 2016 Intuitive Reading - Financial Flow!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f36HkEPtB7c

Taurus August 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2m7fnm7craY

Taurus December 2016 Intuitive Reading - Spread your wings and fly!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19h710xyFHk

Taurus December 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_c1u3QqodAc

Taurus December 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdBLHsF9T-0

Taurus December Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-LHjarCMpeI

Taurus February 2016 and Love Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A03TcVfIm64

Taurus February 2017 Intuitive Reading - Exciting Changes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nUW_DHbdC0A

Taurus February 2018 Intuitive reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIz1XLsEvgk

Taurus February 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=00te1pEYgyk

Taurus February Ascension Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3w4J6kzJJk0

Taurus Intuitive Tarot reading December 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwVBXVcrePw

Taurus Intuitive Tarot reading Nov 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1x2hBtYwyw4

Taurus January 2016 and Year Overview Intuitive Tarot reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-pv24_EWnc0

Taurus January 2017 Intuitive Reading - Patience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=912z5Gtml-U

Taurus January 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FhmVpL8o8dg

Taurus January 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-Rcx21lvMU

Taurus January 2020 Ascension Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlA7m-Ey_cI

Taurus July 2016 Intuitive Reading - The Wait Is Almost  Over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sbNofA_DXG4

Taurus July 2017 Intuitive Reading - Transformation, New Beginnings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EmoC6R7OirY

Taurus July 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x94d0GNivxY

Taurus July 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUxH_XJtvq0

Taurus June 2016 Intuitive Reading  - Allow the pain to dissipate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzkT3GqWRuo

Taurus June 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-jiD1ElQvI

Taurus June 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlxiZvFlmwE

Taurus March 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DaZ-rOA-fBg

Taurus March 2017 Intuitive Reading - Let go of Limitations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDeHpmJQFW8

Taurus March 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTnKE3pguhI

Taurus March 2019 Intuitive Messages Embrace Change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hq-XWDIOZS4

Taurus May 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading-Freedom of Judgement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B1ejgvfRVgk

TAURUS May 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDxh2U8klG4

Taurus May 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9M1Wkp5svps

Taurus MayJune 2017 Intuitive Reading - Stop resisting changes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fYGs0B9gKNA

Taurus November 2016 Intuitive Reading - Allow yourself to receive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tromj6zPHHc

Taurus November 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anRjQueaTwU

Taurus November 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qP-IVoTwyUE

Taurus October 2016 Intuitive Reading - Amazing Opportunities! (and Transformation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CYrC_Kpbrqc

Taurus October 2017 Intuitive Readings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diNUvFMGLYY

Taurus October 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZT1N7uTV_Y

Taurus PART 2 Tarot October 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzMtCphJbI0

Taurus September 2016 Intuitive Reading - Slight Pause
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuAJP4nJKGc

Taurus September 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LypvUI3bAFE

Taurus September 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JizlDCl2OqE

TAURUS September Intutive Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZwssTaEyNgE

Taurus Tarot PART 1 October 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-w71o7CbtxI

Taurus Virgo Capricorn - June Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qP8kSjQtaWo

Taurus, Virgo, Capricorn - July messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5golnJ4bkx0

Taurus, Virgo, Capricorn - September Monthly Pulse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccXC0n05RjQ

Taurus, Virgo, Capricorn August Monthly Pulse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TB5G9N6Ucuk

THANK YOU and Channel Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9JrWmCNr74

The Art of Observation - Weekly Pulse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F0WVMvswaJQ

The Ultimate Test
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xxrq2n3DTkQ

Things You Always Wanted to Know - Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UUbzmgGy4KE

Things you've always wanted to know #1 (1127346)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZ4OxQjafEY

Things you've always wanted to know #1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLd6ByytXYc

Transforming Old Structures - Energy Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FVw8N4zewCk

Virgo April 2016  Intuitive Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXQe23HyPAM

Virgo April 2017 Intuitive Reading - Peace and Expansion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5vwX4HOAXK8

Virgo April 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyLiWRKwmCs

Virgo April 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vekG5OjFcO0

Virgo August 2016 Intuitive Reading -  Deal with Your Anxiety!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qK4rCKzJa4

Virgo August 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wXDlSoW4WQc

Virgo December 2016 Intuitive Reading - Movements, Adjustments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hn7iZnh-bFo

Virgo December 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ry0RopXBgZQ

Virgo December 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A1-jdGbdnZE

Virgo December Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-FKC33Xm5g

Virgo February 2016 and Love Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxM4veu7poM

Virgo February 2018 Intuitive reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-2m6RGkeT4

Virgo February 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NYNZbB948JU

Virgo February Ascension Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzlwMkWQP3w

Virgo Intuitive Tarot reading Nov 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7HZKQ_MerA

Virgo January 2016 and Year Overview Intuitive Tarot reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fSpwE9qInI

Virgo January 2017 Intuitive Reading - Deeper understanding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FFcQ6sK3NZE

Virgo January 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PX7Sv70kZEI

Virgo January 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-zqb1657y8

Virgo January 2020 Ascension Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-9HosHp6jA

Virgo July 2016 Intuitive Reading - New Beginnings!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Vudgj1SBoM

Virgo July 2017 Intuitive Reading -  Recovery and Expansion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hr2BGiPHn5s

Virgo July 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sy778yPpxV4

Virgo July 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xg5bQzpQkfE

Virgo June 2016 Intuitive Reading - Revelation!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLKi7pTl6qM

Virgo June 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTLUlPRT3BA

Virgo June 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5y69x1m3oCE

Virgo March 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_S-3dyL8D4

Virgo March 2017 Intuitive Reading - Fears and Power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmGX178bF5Y

Virgo March 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JdgYSRUv0qM

Virgo March 2019 Intuitive Messages Get out of your Head
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHWnbx9e-60

Virgo May 2016 Intuitive Reading - Hard Work and End of Struggles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q4OeUV48Ql0

VIRGO May 2018 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siCzZN9j6Ak

Virgo May 2019 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umePpfBDzuM

Virgo MayJune 2017 Intuitive Reading - Honoring your truth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1jMRK4vb7w

Virgo November  2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nuMxKLnHsk

Virgo November 2016 Intuitive Reading - Building Blocks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsRbmGoHAFA

Virgo November 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PRvMOKnV5Gc

Virgo October 2016 Intuitive Reading - Anticipation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLIS84AzJEs

Virgo October 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Z1Kx1JcY-w

Virgo October 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxDwNETPrpY

Virgo PART 2 October 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0H2-tplhrM

Virgo September 2016 Intuitive Reading - Significant Changes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqagsuS71Ic

Virgo September 2017 Intuitive Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnKErpaj1tM

Virgo September 2018 Intuitive Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SoTO5rDExHY

VIRGO September Intuitive Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkzoiKb7RSE

Virgo Tarot PART 1 October 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EjvEt1AJ3A

Weekly Pulse -  Feb 17th - Surrender!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YbvtBbCIYlo

Weekly Pulse - Apr 13 - Preparation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibvXCazHFSw

Weekly Pulse - General Message
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5GtOXSOI6Q

Weekly Pulse - Mar 30 - Gaia Speaks!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GREVZPdrOqk

Weekly Pulse - Mar 9 - Identity Change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIdQ2a8FiyA

Weekly Pulse Apr 20 - 'Combustion'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8pr3AzIQKc

Weekly Pulse Apr 27 - Mind Wash
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2eLOZljb9o

Weekly Pulse Apr 4 - Birth & Expansion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apf4hW5CiXQ

Weekly Pulse Feb 10 - Stepping over a Threshold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGV-bt_krDU

Weekly Pulse Feb 24 -  The In-Between Space
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Bv2cSZ6psI

Weekly Pulse Feb 3 - Inspiration!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUpNB5CwibI

Weekly Pulse Jan 20 - Patience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GX6_AhYcicc

Weekly Pulse Jan 27 - Persistence!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0eC40kYRcGM

Weekly Pulse Mar 13 - Know Your Truth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JKCjR2p8ioM

Weekly Pulse Mar 23 - Courage & Resilience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0_x-bBsj6Y

Weekly pulse May 4 - Expect the Unexpected
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRLIXUwxTw8

Weekly Pulse Messages - Dec 16th
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Az_ouuKZmv0

Weekly Pulse Messages - Dec 219
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKpoCtEoI28

Weekly Pulse Messages - Dec 23 - Celebrate YOU!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iedpduzNyCw

Weekly Pulse Messages - Dec 30
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=63avirZPerQ

Weekly Pulse Messages - Dec 9
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVMEWItgdE4

Weekly Pulse Messages - Jan 13th - Flexibiltiy!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AWuGhFYeZAU

Weekly Pulse Messages - Nov 11
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzBkyLQ60xY

Weekly Pulse Messages - Nov 25th
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7rKxHZY0mY

Weekly Pulse Messages - Nov 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OnVlGwI_jsY

Weekly Pulse Messages - Oct 28
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LrZdE_75paU

Weekly Pulse Messages Nov 18
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOEQxs6Uq0U

Weekly Pulse Messages, Jan 6th - Stillness and Awareness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezevgTft7xs

What Are You Experiencing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qq-qnUuE_qg

What Are You Learning - Collectively and Personally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDLmKv4_iYg

What Are You Releasing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gc-kuC_EF0

What Are Your Keys to Success
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eCnmY1FA7jc

What do you focus on - Weekly Pulse Sep 14
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1FMkRQ2vN8U

What does Guidance want us to know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RxG74ky59DI

What Doors Await You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vm33ATP0FsY

What is Being Left Behind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XUjB7mK-jFk

What is Holding You Back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2wnas-KZn2E

What is Your Message
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbHnFZapi4E

What Is Your Path
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7EnMpjNTKW8

What Wants To Be Revealed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HCxsYArAf_c

What would surprise people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IoPmh5nqePw

What's About To Be Unlocked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAvkcmTN8tM

What's Holding Back Your Light (Pick A Card) Weekly Pulse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3nPLODD8qUE

What's In The Stars For You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JO-5TY8wiUE

What's The Missing Piece
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_OnUpn8r498

What's Your Intention
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WfI4lkxomPA

What's Your Karma
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nEcsqA_0Ws

Where Are You Going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6fytj1cPvA

Who Has Guidance For You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xs7fM54SDko

Why Are You Here (1435958)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fQNL6eXPh4

Why Are You Here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONEvUT_iNgU

You Are a Generator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTrOR-hEyCk

You Are That Which You Seek Already 111120
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gf4-1NxRiIQ

Your Q&A's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBbfrIM0I_c

??BEWARE! - Scammer Posing as Me!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1vOdzH0aOY

?? What Is Your Priority ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Omi8GKxckKM

?? Aries November Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJ6O17B_dwM

?? ARIES October Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-aUyM4Gj7T8

?? Taurus November Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7X2cghS6Bk

?? TAURUS October Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AiObEybgKSM

?? Gemini November Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZtgJUULvM4

?? GEMINI October Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NGpRSnX4RBE

?? Cancer November Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ayiosaLUWJw

?? CANCER October Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnGzVAt4jtc

?? Leo November Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FUTdMg12dOc

?? LEO October Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Co6pKaxrjIg

?? Virgo November Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D7Hk_aWZtJE

?? VIRGO October Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5qOeVZN_v0

?? Libra November Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJgkCUWg85I

??LIBRA  October Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Be2IHt5Ze6k

?? Scorpio November Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YCS2Fkh1qw

??SCORPIO October Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nm3mkgc5HFM

?? Sagitarius November Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d220TNShqRg

?? SAGITARIUS October Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ts1z_5DGnhc

?? Capricorn November Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rOv8ZppaYJ4

??CAPRICORN October Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lDY30YYt_bI

?? AQUARIUS  October Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gg-UlRGFVt0

?? Aquarius November Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6_B3l6u0s4

?? Pisces November Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1Knf3bWSLw

?? PISCES October Healing Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evOHFzeAgAQ

??Remaining Open?? - Weekly Pulse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJaTA1fVDr0

??Channel update!??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BbMUBpsEuUg

??What Is Being Forged
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQ-y76mWKUo

??What Is Being Birthed?? - Spring Solstice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izZHhYzVxxM

??Triggerville?? - How to LOVINGLY Deal with Emotional Triggers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZn-wNtVa1k

??Triggers, ??Judgments & ??Following Your Path -  ?? Inspired Conversations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lQRgcbccAQ

??New 'Status Quo - Weekly Pulse??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mn_FnE2PdXA
Joanna The Healer - Medium - Videos