
Connect to a web data source in Power BI   Get started with Power BI Desktop
https://youtu.be/zvl5UkqH494&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Create and use basic Stack Bar Chart in Power BI  Get started with Power BI Desktop
https://youtu.be/N9LnSVW8GnY&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Creating & Formatting Bar Chart in Power BI Desktop
https://youtu.be/s7RxDAm4TP0&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Creating First DAX calculated Field in Power BI Desktop
https://youtu.be/hdmS55-wnAg&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

How to Change Power BI Slicer Look & Feel  Power BI Button Filters
https://youtu.be/tKbGuu7zrrw&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

How to Create a Basic Line Chart in Power BI Tutorial  Get started with Power BI Desktop
https://youtu.be/zEmgGlfdVk8&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

How to create and Customize Area Chart in Power BI
https://youtu.be/NTDjUXKX-0g&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

How to Create and Customize Line and Stacked Bar Chart in Power BI  Combo Chart
https://youtu.be/ypwc9U58gIQ&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

How to Create and Customize Power Bi Cluster Bar and Line Chart
https://youtu.be/5SOOem9-o5M&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

How to Create Basic Area Chart in Power BI Tutorial - Learn in 2 Min  Get started with Power BI
https://youtu.be/QPOqHlfL2A0&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

How to Create Group or Clustered Bar Chart in Power BI
https://youtu.be/ImbfZec2NYg&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

How to Create Numeric Range Slicer or Data Filter in Power BI
https://youtu.be/WvrhUhWBIu4&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

How to Create Power BI Line Chart to Show the Trend in Data
https://youtu.be/cjaUY76uw-Q&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

How to create Power BI Text Slicer or Filter in Report or Dashboard to Filter the Visualizations
https://youtu.be/ws3pqH_GAXs&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

How to Create Simple and Stack Bar Chart in Power BI
https://youtu.be/KOFvA2yC5CM&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

How to create stack area chart in power BI  Beginners Tutorial
https://youtu.be/GEBwTzWvk1w&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

How to Create Stack Area Chart in Power BI
https://youtu.be/KZA7znsPYKE&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Importing CSV data inside power BI Desktop
https://youtu.be/B6joIrnWY7Q&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Importing Excel and CSV data in Power BI Desktop  Get started with Power BI Desktop
https://youtu.be/S2uCC9J2RUY&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Importing Excel Data inside Power BI Desktop
https://youtu.be/LOnXePDb2hQ&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI Desktop Layout Overview  Power BI Desktop Features Overview
https://youtu.be/EOvwBnwZb1k&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI Introduction  What is Power BI  How to Download and Install Power BI
https://youtu.be/dPrDJ4C3stY&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power BI Line and Column Stack Bar Chart
https://youtu.be/V-vTyjknnNg&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

Power bi tutorial for beginners  Power bi data cleaning  Power bi data transformation
https://youtu.be/mEgeh7nmYk4&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma

What is Power BI Desktop  Download and Install Power BI Desktop  Get started with Power BI
https://youtu.be/x0RvKVwfWEs&list=PLH6mU1kedUy81UE3WYFutYyadFm-JOIma
Videos 1-25