
Andrew Hewus Fresh (AFresh1) - Perl in OpenBSD
https://youtu.be/GwrnOpYXimE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxjn-BFNMc_n6zsd41I1ISB

Bruce Gray (Util) - Stop Panicking! Perl 6 is just like Perl 5 (where it counts).
https://youtu.be/KSWp9B-s-Sg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxjn-BFNMc_n6zsd41I1ISB

Curtis Poe (Ovid) - Perl 6 for Mere Mortals
https://youtu.be/S0OGsFmPW2M&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxjn-BFNMc_n6zsd41I1ISB

D Ruth Bavousett (druthb) - Scrum for One
https://youtu.be/Zh7dXvQY-hg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxjn-BFNMc_n6zsd41I1ISB

Daisuke Maki -YAPCAsian Tokyo Behind The Scenes  How We Organize A Conference for 2000 Attendees
https://youtu.be/VcwsR1yVuII&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxjn-BFNMc_n6zsd41I1ISB

Florian Ragwitz (rafl) - Ansible for Programmers
https://youtu.be/x3ZbYQSGkBY&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxjn-BFNMc_n6zsd41I1ISB

Joe Kline (gizmo) - My Ordnung
https://youtu.be/vBiKxw1JMZM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxjn-BFNMc_n6zsd41I1ISB

John Whitney - Perl via Paper Ink Metal and Oil
https://youtu.be/INSn6cYK19U&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxjn-BFNMc_n6zsd41I1ISB

Jordan Adler (jmadler) Mobile Apps... in Perl!
https://youtu.be/7mRHapWZ-AI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxjn-BFNMc_n6zsd41I1ISB

Logan Bell - Perl to Go
https://youtu.be/y573MDoLraY&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxjn-BFNMc_n6zsd41I1ISB

Nick Patch (patch) - Hello, my name is _______.
https://youtu.be/SKbqCB2NPXw&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxjn-BFNMc_n6zsd41I1ISB

Private video
https://youtu.be/sqYsqODfGQM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxjn-BFNMc_n6zsd41I1ISB

Q&A With Larry Wall
https://youtu.be/PK9UnAmrxsA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxjn-BFNMc_n6zsd41I1ISB

Rafael Almeria - Live Perl
https://youtu.be/nZHWVAPm9IA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxjn-BFNMc_n6zsd41I1ISB

Ricardo Signes (rjbs) - Perl 5.22 and You
https://youtu.be/I8VVtqVh9y0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxjn-BFNMc_n6zsd41I1ISB

Seth Johnson - Keynote Seth Johnson - What Perl Taught Me About Life
https://youtu.be/afaKtWp0JKM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxjn-BFNMc_n6zsd41I1ISB

Stephen Scaffidi (hercynium) - In the desert without a camel
https://youtu.be/OK1ZY_bw660&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxjn-BFNMc_n6zsd41I1ISB

Stevan Little (stevan) - Perl's Syntactic Legacy Using the future to improve the past
https://youtu.be/sJC725e8ysM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxjn-BFNMc_n6zsd41I1ISB

Steven Lembark - Mongering in a Box Building Perl application containers with Dockers
https://youtu.be/NuRClr-xREc&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxjn-BFNMc_n6zsd41I1ISB

Tim Bunce - Life Enhancing your frame of reference
https://youtu.be/Y24QnadqqJ4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxjn-BFNMc_n6zsd41I1ISB

VM Brasseur (vmbrasseur) - Failure Why it happens & How to benefit from it
https://youtu.be/DLn4fZsZsKM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxjn-BFNMc_n6zsd41I1ISB

WHATEVER YOU DO DON'T VIEW THIS
https://youtu.be/-AJo_RVDoF0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFxjn-BFNMc_n6zsd41I1ISB
Videos 26-50