
1. Item Icon Creation - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/qOP3z79nWJY&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

1. Level Design - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/COOcfw-Vt0o&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

15th. Unity Tutorial, Advanced AI - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/Lhh2tQDYdbs&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

16. Unity Tutorial, Fixing and Tweaking - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/_YbfVBQrQ6k&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

17. Unity Tutorial, DOORS - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/7fkID1uzUJo&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

18. Unity Tutorial, Player Health - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/lCPMbWVlq3c&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

19. Unity Tutorial, Respawn Menu - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/ctD5pIWUPIw&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

20. Unity Tutorial, Improved Controls - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/CoP2OVuTEqA&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

21. Unity Tutorial, Player Respawn - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/pZGvn458Xx0&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

22. Unity Tutorial, DAYNIGHT CYCLE - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/h2Azk3XgjYg&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

23. Unity Tutorial, Importing Models - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/iA7w8tzdyAg&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

24. Unity Tutorial, Water Color - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/Ckt1m1cB1d0&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

25. Unity Tutorial, ADDING ARMS - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/OUQuHf8M9XQ&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

26. Unity Tutorial, WEAPON CLIPPING - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/RLzssixo7SE&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

27A. Unity Tutorial, MECANIM - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/nPZXfiFZ_BY&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

27B. Unity Tutorial, MECANIM - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/xHPhLFDcwoU&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

28. Unity Tutorial, ADDING WEAPONS - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/OXo5AYPnL1c&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

29. Unity Tutorial, FALLING DAMAGE - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/mOF_BYqT98E&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

30A. Unity Tutorial, WEAPON SWITCHING - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/GoQxHF5YqE8&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

30B. Unity Tutorial, WEAPON SWITCHING - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/qwB9vZNYG9k&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Best Modeling Software for Unity
https://youtu.be/r1BRTNqCJ1A&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Bonus, Using the Assets! Unity Tutorial - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/5D_pWti0YpA&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Crouching - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/J17U6IJR_XA&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Private video
https://youtu.be/Rxk092cLLyo&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Sprinting - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/wxdV4fZBEPQ&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA
Videos 401-425