
(Everything-but-the-kitchen-sink) Digital Jukebox by Scott Sosna
https://youtu.be/yCkvQNq4NPo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

An Introduction to WebAssembly by Guy Royse
https://youtu.be/9o4R2fOgd7M&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Better software, faster principles of Continuous Delivery and DevOps by Bert Jan Schrijver
https://youtu.be/tcQNK4R1tfs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Boosting your applications with distributed cachesdatagrids by Katia Aresti
https://youtu.be/UZqD_0lxMAc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Building Reactive Pipelines How to go from scalable apps to (ridiculously) scalable systems
https://youtu.be/h6ExDXS2JCI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Continuous deployment of machine learning models by Edward Kent & Paul Doran
https://youtu.be/wnx5yYVf2hQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Continuous deployment to Kubernetes with the Google Container Tools by David Gageot
https://youtu.be/3nfNP00Tv1k&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Cryptography 101 for Java developers by Michel Schudel
https://youtu.be/1925zmDP_BY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Dive into Kotlin - it's as awesome as you've heard by Justin Lee
https://youtu.be/j7n0zFQQvlA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Enough java.lang.String to Hang Ourselves... by Heinz Kabutz
https://youtu.be/DcLQm2EpDI0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

From Zero to Microprofile Hero - Letâ€™s dive into a Microservices World
https://youtu.be/CFb_x_0x0mM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Integration Testing with Docker and Testcontainers by Kevin Wittek
https://youtu.be/L_i61qTg510&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Java, Today and Tomorrow by Mark Reinhold
https://youtu.be/kpio9jFhpD8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Life After Java 8 by Trisha Gee
https://youtu.be/eot4kLJEnd4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Mastering Microservices with Kong by Maarten Mulders
https://youtu.be/lqyt5l3Hx5s&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

MOAR IntelliJ IDEA Tips and Tricks by Trisha Gee
https://youtu.be/uu7j1_jhiU4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

PostgreSQL is the new NoSQL by Laurent Doguin
https://youtu.be/w0K7OBtB-ZQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Service Mesh Patterns by Alex Soto
https://youtu.be/zs1BTwteQFA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

SkyKnit What Happens when Crafting and Code Intersect by Colleen Lavin
https://youtu.be/AliDJa40uwo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Ten Ways to Hack Your Brain to Write Fluently by Dan Allen
https://youtu.be/VdPfOzPIrpY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

The 7 Deadly Sins of API Design by Luis Weir
https://youtu.be/Sx2_etbb9JA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

The doors of perceptrons - Practical Machine Learning for front-end developers by Charlie Gerard
https://youtu.be/oh3i-69QV2g&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

The Java Chamber of Horrors by Andreas Zitzelsberger
https://youtu.be/Gcwlt6_uhQU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Using Kubernetes for Machine Learning Frameworks by Arun Gupta
https://youtu.be/0Iu7sIw4lwA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU

Weaving the web - Programming textile-based interactions in JavaScript by Charlie Gerard
https://youtu.be/JProZymHL4I&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqkOs-GFGxBmNf0KECELaiU
Videos 26-50