
1,000,000 Dollar Money Spell  Money Expansion Spell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tL5ML-xX4WY

10 Predictions For President Donald J.  Trump Inauguration Day January 20, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hd1YdwAuxZQ

1010 Spiritual Number Meaning  ~ 1010 Number Meaning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7XJn6seaio

1212 Spiritual Number Meaning  ~ 1212 Number Meaning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0lyzKN1J0w

123 Spiritual Number Meaning ?? 123 Number Meaning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vq0Q3s1nDYQ

1234 Spiritual Number Meaning  ~ 1234 Number Meaning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebh_aRgGJ08

13th Zodiac Sign Ophiuchus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLPwHzjYSQo

2018 Yearly Outlook ~~ 2018 Tarot Reading Outlook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TsA-VAGW6M

2019 Predictions ??  Pick A Card Tarot ?? #2019Predictions #2019TarotPredictions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-R1kASObpM

234 Spiritual Number Meaning ?? 234  Number Meaning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Onyui3iG_oQ

5 Qualities That Will Attract Toxic People To You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlr99lnlY9I

5 REASONS MAGIC SPELLS DON'T WORK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCLqvikd12c

555 MAY 5 2021 555 CHANNELING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YspEyCmgVF0

911 Spiritual Number Meaning  - 911 Number Meaning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjET5850v7Q

A View To Die For Well Not Literally  Mountain View Restaurant  Little Switzerland NC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHsw2n1D63o

Aires  November 2019 Tarot Card Reading?? ?? Persistence Will Be Your Success
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Hz9IRrFNAw

Aires April 2019 Tarot Readings~You Already Know The Answers You Seek
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HxwnJNwOXVQ

Aires August 2018 Tarot Reading ?? Dharma Unfolding??  Things Will Get Better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GXAKQEQVNSo

Aires December 2016 TarotScope Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-oUEfGwPMW0

Aires December 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Perfect Way To End 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmOUDbOOabM

Aires December 2018 ??Making Some Hard Choices
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AsdfF8YLFZA

Aires December 2019 Prediction ?Stepping Into Your Power?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5I5ITRdUKA

Aires February 2018 Tarot Reading ~~ Making Important Decisions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PqHnpEXjaY

Aires February 2019 Tarot Reading ~ Shield Yourself From Fear Based Energies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5y-F-Br4Xs

AIRES FEBRUARY 2020?? LOVE ?? MONEY ??RELATIONSHIP PREDICTIONS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qok443lBxw8

Aires January 2018 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYzljW6FrS0

Aires January 2019 Tarot Reading ?? A Break Up ?? Time To Move Forward
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fAqzMAgDyPk

Aires January 2020 Tarot Card Prediction ?What is Your Next Adventure?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EsKyADUSaNQ

Aires July 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Stand Your Ground
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYDQFX7UFfo

Aires July 2018 Tarot Reading ??  Your Prayers Are Being Answered
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONv_DbCVeqY

Aires July 2019 Tarot Card Reading ~Travel ~ FINANCES Look GREAT!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSBlyJ2MgDs

Aires June 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Decisions   Change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqjSIQwJo0c

Aires June 2018 Tarot Reading ??  Magic Manifesting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7e_lvuWVvs

AIRES JUNE 2021 TAROT CARD READING PREDICTION  ??NEW MONEY COMING??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-07kCMsY3g

Aires March 2018 Tarot Reading ~ Expect The Unexpected
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=831edHrQ_Fc

Aires March 2019 Oracle Card Reading??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlW6uFNpeGc

Aires May 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Harmony & Joy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBOXWRue9r8

Aires May 2019 Tarot Reading ~ Stay Focus On Your Desires
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QCFYAUzCrkg

Aires November 2016 Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKLGCAb69Rg

Aires November 2017 Tarot Card Reading ~~ Healing Old Wounds, Focus On What You Desire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOdY4qjub6Q

Aires November 2018 Tarot Readings ??Completion Success Travel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UmKY2xtrpOc

Aires October 2018 Tarot Card Reading ?? New Transformation ?? Divine Healing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIu7KMb2z4s

Aires October 2019 Tarot Card Reading ?? Taking Back Control Of Your Life ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gisfxgNCYPo

Aires September 2017 Tarot Reading ~~General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_pTBAmn3HI

Aires September 2018 Tarot Reading ??Green Light ??Go Full Speed Ahead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yT2hc_4KMo

AIRES SEPTEMBER 2019 TAROT CARD READING ??TRUST THERE IS A DIVINE PLAN
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ai8mdPb_sDY

Aires Tarot Card Reading April 2018 ~ Seeking Deeper Meaning In Life ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LpEvI-1WcxA

Altar Blessing Spell ~~ What Is An Altar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Fb-OhRtuxI

Amazonite  A Soothing Stone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ih4-svve0jI

Amethyst Healing Spell  Amethyst Healing Blessing Spell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3k7fkXAc8w

Ametrine Use To Rise Above Setbacks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ge4BG2n1kB4

Anxiety Panic Stress Relaxation Method 432HZ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIhXXXcFeJQ

Apache Tear's Stones  Mythology and Uses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z277DOO0qEc

April 2017 Aquarius Tarot Reading ~ Celebrations This Month
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-SdcdbUZOk

April 2017 Aries Tarot Reading ~ Heavy Burdens Lifted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ByV-N2duMY

April 2017 Cancer Tarot Reading ~ The Sun Shines Down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDZpFUhMmDk

April 2017 Capricorn Tarot Reading ~The Magician
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-AaoIrC_rU

April 2017 Gemini Tarot Reading ~ Destiny Change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-SqMmDYjQmY

April 2017 Leo Tarot Reading ~ You've Got Help
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTFNSrtpLto

April 2017 Libra Tarot Reading ~ A Low Blow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDHqlzDI8AA

April 2017 Pisces Tarot Reading ~ New Work  New Money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlREfpNplBw

April 2017 Sagittarius  Tarot Reading ~  Wealth & Foundation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AwM9Y6t5YME

April 2017 Scorpio Tarot Reading ~ The Wish Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_4cfKtVWOtI

April 2017 Taurus Tarot Reading ~ The Tower Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xlJQzTeKZU

April 2017 Virgo Tarot  Reading ~ Revelations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4zzccfLT64

Aquarius April 2019 Tarot Readings~Watch Your Back & Surroundings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EWXj7noEZQs

Aquarius August 2017 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading For August 2017 For Aquarius
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kpboMDTbtE

Aquarius August 2018 Tarot Reading ?? Revelations Revealed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HlDxI-DCq0Y

Aquarius December 2016 TarotScope Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPYBygoG8vA

Aquarius December 2017 Tarot Reading ~Justice Will Prevail
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_1hws03khI

Aquarius December 2018 ??Miracles The Wonderous Emerge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XOYsWDes860

Aquarius December 2019 Prediction ? Uncovering TREASURE?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cp1J6e4O0nc

Aquarius February 2017 TarotScope Watch   Hope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ra11c_7JyC4

Aquarius February 2018 Tarot Reading ~~ Justice - Balance Finding - Harmony
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfx9HaNuR_c

Aquarius February 2019 Tarot Reading ~ Ascended Masters Are Guiding You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2702VFuIjsM

AQUARIUS FEBRUARY 2020 ??LOVE ??MONEY ??RELATIONSHIP PREDICTIONS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zYg8BpF7tOo

Aquarius Horoscope For December 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BjLeECaREwg

Aquarius January 2017 Monthly TarotScope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j94KXbVdUCM

Aquarius January 2018 Tarot Reading ~~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vDJl9T7ySE

Aquarius January 2019 Tarot Reading ?? Get Ready For New Horizons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gg8Yr8wC1SI

Aquarius January 2020 Tarot Card Prediction ?Betrayal By Who?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKjvOZ2jPqE

Aquarius July 2017 Tarot Reading ~ New Beginning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dEpqd8MKlYc

Aquarius July 2018 Tarot Reading ??  Voice Your Truth ?? Walking Away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7wItOfxNBA

Aquarius July 2019 Tarot Card Reading ~ The Sun Shines Down On YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BalKJpy9tG8

Aquarius June 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Victory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5uWkGs4I3I

Aquarius June 2018 Tarot Reading ?? Surrender Your Concerns ?? Allow Miracles To Occur
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7iC3W2Y9P4o

AQUARIUS JUNE 2021 TAROT CARD READING PREDICTION ??SO CALLED FRIENDS EXPOSED??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MRVLr9-Vpv4

Aquarius March 2018 Tarot Reading ~ Success, Recognition & Reward
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1brXv2z5TE

Aquarius March 2019 Oracle Card Reading??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-vrJLnsrzo

Aquarius May 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Balance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-gUWzDXQRvQ

Aquarius May 2019 Tarot Reading ~ Break Away From The Old ~ There Is Help
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F1CNpFLEJO4

Aquarius November 2016 Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDGKmBV7oy8

Aquarius November 2017 Tarot Card Reading ~~ Clean State To Start Anew
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfqHBgoRW4Y

Aquarius November 2018 Tarot Readings??  A Proposal Is Coming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXxL5MHX8Zc

Aquarius November 2019 Tarot Card Reading  ?? ??A Helping Hand?? ??  An Opportunity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bry_3dgGTsg

Aquarius October 2017 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=369fkmPJTw4

Aquarius October 2018 Tarot Card Reading ??Enjoyable Month With Surprises
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJLzc0hTdn8

Aquarius October 2019 Tarot Card Reading ??Time To Venture Forward
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCi-D5EBwBA

Aquarius September 2017 Tarot Card Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_K8F2I5JLzk

Aquarius September 2018 Tarot Reading ??Good News Coming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3zyeCtW04o

AQUARIUS SEPTEMBER 2019 TAROT CARD READING ?? NEW TRANSFORMATION IS AWAITING YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzEx4KLStn4

Aquarius Tarot Card Reading April 2018 ~ Expect Miracles ?? Spirit Has Your Back ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUZlaCQKSNY

Aquarius TarotScope March 2017  The World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxJlmvrztzo

Aries August 2017 Tarot Reading ~~~ General Reading For Aries August 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTu7AwiJL24

Aries February 2017 TarotScope  Watch Your Temper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XoBoLTbHGew

Aries Horoscope For December 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kKAVMIRYiI

Aries January 2017 Monthly TarotScope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ceLh7zvwuc

Aries October 2017 Tarot Card Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=neh4CrQBlks

Aries TarotScope March 2017  Accomplishments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JzWJ-kvSGQE

Asteria Greek Goddess Of The Stars ??  History and Folklore ?? ????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TQ2N82wiTfs

August 2017 Tarot Reading ~~ Corruption, Lies, Revelations~~Things Come To Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eL9cB-hqV34

AUGUST 2019 Aires Tarot Reading ~ Infinite Abundance On All Levels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzrJh1drW6E

AUGUST 2019 Aquarius Tarot Reading ~ What Are You Walking Away From
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taK1SzKgx84

AUGUST 2019 Cancer Tarot Reading ~ New Cycle Of Abundance ~ Happy Relationships Family
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQ3CqhQABD8

AUGUST 2019 Capricorn Tarot Reading ~ Victory Is At Hand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKb-YbWLBLI

AUGUST 2019 Gemini Tarot Reading ~ Breaking Free Of Self Denial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BcsPwii31vc

AUGUST 2019 Leo Tarot Reading ~ Betrayed By Who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HxijAicrJHM

AUGUST 2019 Libra Tarot Reading ~ Financial Stability and Enjoyment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-4jwhzx0Sg

AUGUST 2019 Pisces Tarot Reading ~ Celebrating With Family and Friends
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUjr1T5yk2c

AUGUST 2019 PREDICTIONS ?? PICK A CARD ??????????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6bQDCPt0bM

AUGUST 2019 Sagittarius Tarot Reading ~Opportunity Presents Itself To Step Into A New Journey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKcAYEc7iYo

AUGUST 2019 Scorpio Tarot Reading ~ Money's Coming Money's Coming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H1tsgyHQNNQ

AUGUST 2019 Taurus Tarot Reading ~ A Time To Walk Away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-rGt2nKgrY

AUGUST 2019 Virgo Tarot Reading ~ Good Time For Fertility and Abundance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_K0B6qOW8Ck

AUGUST 2021 PREDICTIONS -AIR SIGNS- WHAT CAN YOU EXPECT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efXZA0k8mhc

AUGUST 2021 PREDICTIONS -EARTH SIGNS -WHAT CAN YOU EXPECT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6pESlAwWNAY

AUGUST 2021 PREDICTIONS -PICK A CARD READING [WHAT NEXT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RzIxrYzpQGQ

AUGUST 2021 PREDICTIONS- FIRE SIGNS -WHAT CAN YOU EXPECT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHwbYboy1HI

AUGUST 2021 PREDICTIONS-WATER SIGNS- WHAT CAN YOU EXPECT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNfajB0YXws

Beginners Guide To Dowsing  Using Your Pendulum For Answers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=si2bYuztIgs

Best Days For Magic Spells DIY Magic Spell Guide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q41FrKiZeyM

Black Raw Kyanite ~~ Healing Charkas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZ6z6ZAnKcg

Black Tourmaline Protect Against Psychic Attacks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNXLVoZ3H4A

BLESSINGS IN DISGUISE  ~ A WALK IN THE WOODS DISCUSSION
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQbK-K5azxQ

Blue Candle Healing Spell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GWXmwFTQiP4

Boreas ~ Wind God Of Ancient Greek ~ Old Man Winter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJ0-eplJtt8

Brand New Oracle Deck ? Crystal Wind Oracle Cards ??Lets Take A Look ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qr0BlIdKoQE

Business Luck Success Spell ~ For Established Businesses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wMgUwB4b_eU

Business Success Spell  Money Spell For Businesses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFBUzbWyKic

Cancel Your Soul Contract
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ieMDIaWsJBo

Cancer  May 2017 Tarot Reading~ Achievements
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VMqz1TR1_u8

Cancer  May 2019 Tarot Reading ~ Care and Compassion Is The Theme
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oNwmn6iCBqQ

Cancer  November 2019 Tarot Card Reading ?? ??Turning Point of Luck and Fortune
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKefOjQcavQ

Cancer 2017 August Tarot Card Reading ~~ General Reading For August 2017 For Cancer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnmjhtJ4YcI

Cancer April 2019 Tarot Readings~Your Broken Heart ?? Will You Repair The Relationship
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54hLHxQ3Z7c

Cancer August 2018 Tarot Reading ?? See The Truth For What It Is ?? Your 3rd Eye Is Open
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0BcU_fBC6Q

Cancer December 2016 TarotScope Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NsqHcEX8b9M

Cancer December 2017 Tarot Reading ~ What Will Your Goals Be 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W8TQU88zA7c

Cancer December 2018 ??Making Important Decisions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4qKEK_32Y8

Cancer December 2019 Prediction ?SURRENDER To The Journey?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41O_7U7ipRQ

Cancer February 2017 TarotScope  Money Coming Your Way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=408lNQ9s8Gc

Cancer February 2018 Tarot Reading ~~ Dharma Unfolding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZLTxg8knvv8

CANCER FEBRUARY 2020?? LOVE ??MONEY ??RELATIONSHIP PREDICTIONS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fObBS6Y8Khg

Cancer February Tarot Reading ~ Have you Asked Your Angles For Help
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Gzw7vrGELE

Cancer Horoscope For December 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZUpMVpjiCQ

Cancer January 2017 Monthly TarotScope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ChYSpnIJAA

Cancer January 2018 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxzpMBH5wXM

Cancer January 2019 Tarot Reading ?? New Year New Cycle New Beginning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JMg5qaI8tKM

Cancer January 2020 Tarot Card Prediction ??Release What is No Longer Serving You??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sm4VRc8lsck

Cancer July 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Completion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4h9qGNwSzOs

Cancer July 2018 Tarot Reading ?? Clean Slate  ?? New Chance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kFw8qi5I0A8

Cancer July 2019 Tarot Card Reading ~Ending and Enjoying A Brand New Journey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqVXU2YQRwo

Cancer June 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Celebration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hc7DpLqkPTw

Cancer June 2018 Tarot Reading ?? You Are The Teacher ??  Follow Your Inner Call
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XzOztEbP_Ks

CANCER JUNE 2021 TAROT CARD READING PREDICTION ??YOUR SHADOW SIDE??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kv1tduTmnBk

Cancer March 2018 Tarot Reading ~ You Wield The Power This Month
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpKhZpLB7sU

Cancer March 2019 Oracle Card Reading ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iV8vdDGXs8o

Cancer November 2016 Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TW8jFGQ0peE

Cancer November 2017 Tarot Card Reading ~~ New Start Burdens Lifted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OWD9V7L34t8

Cancer November 2018 Tarot Readings?? Time For Healing & Releasing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gate5I5GuVM

Cancer October 2017 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MApqCSfQ3vg

Cancer October 2018 Tarot Card Reading ??Getting Back Your Financial & Material Security
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVkSOB6RPFg

Cancer October 2019 Tarot Card Reading ?? Protected By Angels ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=toy36NiJJoQ

Cancer September 2017 Tarot Card Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVTaENA5DKc

Cancer September 2018 Tarot Reading ??Dealing With Your Shadow Side
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ESgrSp1JEtQ

CANCER SEPTEMBER 2019 TAROT CARD READING ??TAKE A RISK VENTURE FORWARD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjiQXkixuEY

Cancer Tarot Card Reading April 2018 ~ Wealth ?? Building A Firm Foundation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vALbE1WLD0M

Cancer TarotScope March 2017  Change In Environment  - Travel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fYEc0zFP74

Candle Justice Spell Court Case Spell Get Justice Spell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eTg_oMkBE0c

Capricorn  May 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Time To Act Is Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qihBWpe7-LY

Capricorn  May 2019 Tarot Reading ~ New Run of Luck ~ Enjoy!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lDRJ1lKioc8

Capricorn April 2019 Tarot Readings~Manifest What You Truly Desire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FADsoyD2hl4

Capricorn April 2019 TWIN FLAME ??TWIN SOUL Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXczEohkafM

Capricorn August 2018 Tarot Reading ?? Happy Times ?? Success & Good Fortune
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=guyHHQ0I01E

Capricorn December 2016 TarotScope Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WOUQZwGvxzc

Capricorn December 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Moving Forward After Decisions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eN1lz4oadk4

Capricorn December 2018 ?? AW! A Completion At Hand YES!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JbUyuPtXVMU

Capricorn December 2019 Prediction ?Keep Going BLESSINGS Await?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZbGa4iPGUI

Capricorn February 2017 TarotScope  Spiritual Advancement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2nVLMF8pks

Capricorn February 2018 Tarot Reading ~~ Divine Healing  &  Charging Ahead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46ZpOLe8XbQ

Capricorn February 2019 Tarot Reading~Burdens lifted~ Making Decisions~Success
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vgkbqBSJIzI

CAPRICORN FEBRUARY 2020 ??LOVE ??MONEY ??RELATIONSHIP PREDICTIONS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kk_a2zHtTcI

Capricorn Horoscope For December 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cmG19-q3Vos

Capricorn January 2017 Monthly TarotScope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_bKsdvMaN4

Capricorn January 2018 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNvqSaVom5o

Capricorn January 2019 Tarot Reading ?? Answering The Call ??The Time Is Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RuJP9BsYDqU

Capricorn January 2020 Tarot Card Prediction ?Beautiful Loving Blessings Wow?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z68P3JObCtA

Capricorn July 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Addictions  Balance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bs9D6rQZCqc

Capricorn July 2018 Tarot Reading ??  New Journey New Beginning??  WOW ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LO5dKJzcfI

Capricorn July 2019 Tarot Card Reading ~ GROWING Your MONEY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zL5cAGISJlM

Capricorn June 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Tower  Revelations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCrwLxqM8qs

Capricorn June 2018 Tarot Reading ?? Teacher Awakens ?? Don't Let Anything Stop You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1pT7M1-rD0

CAPRICORN JUNE 2021 TAROT CARD READING ??CHOOSING YOUR PATH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LAchu6_PSLk

Capricorn March 2018 Tarot Reading ~ Breakthrough Unexpected Help
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYAGwHpm50o

Capricorn March 2019 Oracle Card Reading??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4CAHptxpC4

Capricorn November 2016 Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rlin_Lrvnyw

Capricorn November 2017 Tarot Card Reading ~~ Success Share Your Rewards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9FP-ugvEOfc

Capricorn November 2018 Tarot Readings ??Release Of Heavy Burdens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pYvCr7uFFY

Capricorn November 2019 Tarot Card Reading ?? ?? You Hold The Power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hOis6z_yi0A

Capricorn October 2017 Tarot Card Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sVoo-TFckhg

Capricorn October 2018 Tarot Card Reading ??Everything Is Vibrant & Abundant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0W5Gdqm8HR8

Capricorn October 2019 Tarot Card Reading?? De Stress Re Charge Rejuvenate ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YztsQWLLQc

Capricorn September 2017 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loVMnoYxQPA

Capricorn September 2018 Tarot Reading ??Travel Material Gain Accomplishments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xb29VCw-JfM

CAPRICORN SEPTEMBER 2019 TAROT CARD READING ?? FINANCIALLY SECURE BUYING A HOME MAYBE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9z9Wqd0F88

Capricorn Tarot Card Reading April 2018 ~ Major Spiritual Changes Happening ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Yi8mD_Izmg

Capricorn Tarot Card Reading For August 2017 ~~ General Reading For August 2017 For Capricorn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxgRAMJQ630

Capricorn TarotScope March 2017   News Of Money - Stop Worrying!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOyFHrd4qDQ

Carnelian ~~~Healing, Spiritual & History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nRQBtGpgYxI

Chakra Clearing Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=13i0Us8UFxk

Chinese Dog Horoscope Overview  For 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qHoD9a3bUMA

Chinese Dragon  Horoscope Overview For 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ySw53QDAGH0

Chinese Goat  Horoscope Overview For 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PGqdGrMCqKc

Chinese Horse  Horoscope Overview For 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDGylxk5rpk

Chinese Monkey  Horoscope Overview For 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CvtNeEUHJ9U

Chinese Ox Horoscope Overview For 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PnicqxS6-ac

Chinese Pig Horoscope Overview  For 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4PcLsKghNzI

Chinese Rabbit  Horoscope Overview For 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enL-B_VrHRk

Chinese Rat Horoscope Overview For 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qZB8LBehSMc

Chinese Rooster Horoscope Overview  For 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVdMPBEqVkM

Chinese Snake  Horoscope Overview For 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4Ja1cyUxRY

Chinese Tiger  Horoscope Overview For 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tls0CLZyzJM

CONSCIOUS SPIRIT ORACLE DECK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1uLdUmPvRg

Conspiracy TidBits  Something To Think About (1538105)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8eVf_pKl8AE

Conspiracy Tidbits  Something To Think About
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XgAxVWxQAWk

Continuous Healing Oil Lamp Blessing Spell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pWQygaYp1s8

Crystal Grids ~ What Are Crystal Grids How To Make Crystal Grid ~ Part I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w43rvV6qtYg

Crystal Money Grid ~ How To Set Up A Money Grid ~ How To Activate A Crystal Grid ~ Part II
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jemZ3_ZiOVM

Daily Guidance Card Reading March 27, 2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l2zvyuyobs8

December 2019 Predictions ?? Pick A Card ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6qQw2qzRUoU

Dog Chinese Horoscope For December 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcg1iyV4zFA

Dragon Chinese Horoscope For December 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ug9C0Mcy38

Eostremonap ( A Feast For Eostre)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5fJ-br78r7c

Fairy Stones ~ History Folklore ~ Primary Uses For Farey Stones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jAz8UlcB_as

FEBRUARY 2020 PREDICTIONS ??PICK A CARD??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cv6uxe-ZtMg

February Solmonap Mud Month  Time For Making Your Magical List
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZSXujJGAmI

FREE 1 CARD READING OR PENDULUM READING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_G4lpRtbfk

FREE CARD READINGS  PENDULUM READINGS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VG3FpyhGY50

FREE PENDULUM READING ( information ) For MARCH 11, 2017 @9pm EST
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWGxn-G2-Io

Free Pendulum Reading For You! Got Any Questions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DvYebiqYY-Q

Free Pendulum Reading GIVEAWAY ~ Ends Sunday @ 8pm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JPPdectzn5s

FREE PENDULUM READING INFORMATION ~ APRIL 1, 2017 ~ 10pm EST
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQ6sML67x3M

FREE PENDULUM READING LIVE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgaVlus7cWg

FREE PENDULUM READING MARCH 11, 2017 @ 9pm EST
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXlrQoY6Vxw

FREE PENDULUM READING MARCH 4, 2017 @ 9pm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VnStCuGjlK0

FREE PENDULUM READING SAT. 17th 10pm EST
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmb7rPG0TDw

Free Tarot ReadingPendulum Reading Saturday 8pm EST
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQrmT2IJKfs

FREE TAROT READING~ INFORMATION BELOW ~ HAPPY NEW YEAR 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFcrYdcz0qA

Friday 13th Lucky Money Spell ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vB4HmjVcXvo

Friday 13th Sweeten An Existing Relationship Spell ????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afvdVwbTbcQ

Full Moon Abundance Spell  Goddess Abundantia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2jYE4T7ah84

Full Moon Abundance Spell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fkV7VMFJak

FULL MOON IN ARIES OCTOBER 5, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I2BOjPaLLtk

Full Moon Luck Candle Spell Lucky Candle Spell Best For Full Moon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqp40uEtFpQ

GEM & MINERAL SHOWS ~~~~ FOLLOW ALONG WITH ME ~~~ Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3mnIhTkQjQ

GEM & MINERAL SHOWS ~~~~CLEANSE - CHARGE - ACTIVATE~~ Part 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7KCixADLPY

GEM & MINERAL SHOWS ~~~~GOODIES~~ Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xoEwMqB3EU

GEM & MINERAL SHOWS ~~~~PART 1~A
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7UYc5rJPdQ

Gem Show Franklin NC July 27, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DBJpnXMy--4

Gem Shows Spruce Pine NC August 4, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8jEEk4l8sA

Gemini  May 2017 Tarot Reading ~ New Prosperity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jBD9aI4ippM

Gemini  May 2019 Tarot Reading ~ One Chapter Closes Another One Opens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ivqikTTWNs

Gemini April 2019 Tarot Readings~Are You Getting Your Wish This Month
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4oltUaNN1CQ

Gemini August 2017 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading For August 2017 For Gemini
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Gu_RDJgwSg

Gemini August 2018 Tarot Reading ?? Care & Compassion ?? Don't Stress Too Hard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9oHePFH796U

Gemini December 2016 TarotScope Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgiruAn4ZSQ

Gemini December 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Success & Wealth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKKEUUkHh8s

Gemini December 2018 ?? Decisions Need To Be Made
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_16fx9BmeuY

Gemini December 2019 Prediction ? BLESSINGS Are Pouring into Your Life?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LcEbJCrxo9U

Gemini February 2017 TarotScope  Starting Something New
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=As5AK1AdS28

Gemini February 2018 Tarot Reading ~~ Soul Expansion Soul Growth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjR4xa-GcSY

Gemini February 2019 Tarot Reading~ Total Alignment To Attain Your Goals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWqHGPzxLnU

GEMINI FEBRUARY 2020 ??LOVE ??MONEY ??RELATIONSHIP PREDICTIONS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Igh2RLL8wVM

Gemini Horoscope For December 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XB_hfToVYiU

Gemini January 2017 Monthly TarotScope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9XShZoBznk

Gemini January 2018 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-OcpaNsw6Y

Gemini January 2019 Tarot Reading ?? Healing Energy Flows Through You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3wcCQ6t5ik

Gemini January 2020 Tarot Card Prediction ?Building Your Foundations?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0eHWR1NN62k

Gemini July 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Wish Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bs5iFPohBPg

Gemini July 2018 Tarot Reading ?? Celebrating A Wonderful Month
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GsV5gI4OGNs

Gemini July 2019 Tarot Card Reading ~ YOU Are A MANIFESTOR
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjg9FrTxAWg

Gemini June 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KS0v0QSGndI

Gemini June 2018 Tarot Reading ?? Journey ??  Relocation ??  Expect Miracles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUeVvYkcIDQ

GEMINI JUNE 2021 TAROT CARD READING ??BIG TRANSFORMATION??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GzU0J19wmOA

Gemini March 2018 Tarot Reading ~ Choices To Be Made Burdens Lifted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFwW30q-nJ4

Gemini March 2019 Oracle Card Reading??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YUu56Xu2mn4

Gemini November 2016 Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3eRiLkqtzQk

Gemini November 2017 Tarot Card Reading ~~  Divine Alchemy Focus on What You Desire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2TgjYx3VxA

Gemini November 2018 Tarot Readings ??Trust There's A Divine Plan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLm5UzD5cno

Gemini November 2019 Tarot Card Reading ?? ??Time is Now Go FOR IT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VK6QgH_zluU

Gemini October 2017 Tarot Reading ~~ General Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YuUwG8XI3Vc

Gemini October 2018 Tarot Card Reading ??Dropping That Heavy Load
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1B1PLZhfy1k

Gemini October 2019 Tarot Card Reading ?? Worry Stress About To Be Relieved ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eeVaIU-IXUs

Gemini September 2017 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9CWjiRcoH0E

Gemini September 2018 Tarot Reading ??Firm Foundations Don't Worry Too Much
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0D3yg5JKwdo

GEMINI SEPTEMBER 2019 TAROT CARD READING ?? NEWS OF MONEY COMING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvMlxOehkro

Gemini Tarot Card Reading April 2018 ~ Celebrating Something New ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dPa-2SgDeY

Gemini TarotScope March 2017   Be Strong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WwxxnEfrE3I

Goat Chinese Horoscope For December 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IoZk47EblD8

HEALING FOR ENLIGHTENMENT ~ SPIRITUAL ENLIGHTENMENT & HEALING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2H1TRS70IYg

Healing Spell For A Traumatic Event  - Healing Yourself Spell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YEotYqS7jOQ

Healing Spell ~ Healing Spell For Specific Ailments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsI-ccJAlJY

Hematite Stones & Their Magical Uses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEpq1bByn4Q

Hestia Greek Goddess Of The Home & Hearth ~~ History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8-dILmjZHw

Historical Penland Post Office & The Spirits That Reside There!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2yFT0qZ4PM

Horse Chinese Horoscope For December 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFaNFhUdhXo

How To Create Your Own Hexenspiegel or Witch's Mirror
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4r1aK5_MR10

How To Protect Yourself From Energy Vampire Attacks!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LrGVjc0_eZ0

How To Tell If Your An Old Soul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y05ebeFKwKo

How To Use Your New Pendulum
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNITIBnlWCM

Howlite Improves Communication
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2Fu4EDBS4Y

Hrepmonap (Fierce Month) 3rd Month Of The Year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVsg-1iaHw8

Imbolc  Clearing The Field~ February 2, 2018 ~ History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lH_k8KSKbfE

Imbolc The Festival Of Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5CZPAJAdr6I

Information I need To Know Now ~ Pick A Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eGfpfKSffKk

January 2020 Prediction Pick A Card?????????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYO8ben3VFc

JULY 2021 MONTHLY TAROT CARD READING ??AIR SIGNS?? GEMINI ??LIBRA?? AQUARIUS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDNYRZ7myjs

JULY 2021 MONTHLY TAROT CARD READING ??FIRE SIGNS ??SAGITTARIUS?? AIRES ??LEO??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxdayOHs9EM

JULY 2021 MONTHLY TAROT CARD READING?? EARTH SIGNS?? CARPRICORN?? VIRGO ??TAURUS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDQ9Swl7gZw

JULY 2021 MONTHLY TAROT CARD READING?? WATER SIGNS ??CANCER?? PISCES ??SCORPIO??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vLFeQUpbRbk

JULY 2021 PREDICTIONS ??PICK A CARD READING ??WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JvdMiYaINnk

June 2019 Aires Predictions POST CARD FROM SPIRIT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGnU0WZzrEs

June 2019 Aires Predictions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ELEMCNUrJdg

June 2019 Aquarius Predictions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbZQLwlohqs

June 2019 Cancer Predictions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clqkT4Qlao4

June 2019 Capricorn Predictions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQ-WWT586oA

June 2019 Gemini Predictions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KH2XZReBz6U

June 2019 Leo Predictions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bt5Xi3iv4QE

June 2019 Libra Predictions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LeyhAfI6f-w

June 2019 Pisces Predictions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHUFR-N5UFA

June 2019 Scorpio Predictions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pfg3-XGeyOU

June 2019 Taurus Predictions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2LlGFEElqtg

June 2019 Virgo Predictions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jAPxYKO4bcI

Kyanite Use for Third Eye & Throat Chakra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HcdLToJ7R0o

Leo  May 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VG_9qVU14gw

Leo April 2019 Tarot Readings~Break Free and Shine Your Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QdjmiN9UY5w

Leo August 2017 Tarot Reading ~~~ General Reading For Leo August 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTSc9Q5oG_U

Leo August 2018 Tarot Reading ?? Karma Releasing ??Move Beyond The Drama
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXgLWfvgrFA

Leo December 2016 TarotScope Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IfOvMTLh4Jk

Leo December 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Break Free Addictions Bondage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1NqnshyMDA

Leo December 2018 ??Love Flows Through You And Too You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=po5iBHaGT1k

Leo December 2019 Prediction ?A Breakthrough is At Hand?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UdBqUlRPzfU

Leo February 2017 TarotScope  Celebrating Victory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6TiWY3OBsxA

Leo February 2018 Tarot Reading ~~ Happy Joyous Times
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_AxQKX8VOk

Leo February 2019 Tarot Reading~ No Obstacles Only Blessed Partnerships
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJ-Y_8iMp1Q

LEO FEBRUARY 2020 ??LOVE ??MONEY?? RELATIONSHIP PREDICTIONS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A0N8l7BbfpE

Leo Horoscope For December 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qlwdqG-Iyk

Leo January 2017 Monthly TarotScope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgdeWXXc6NA

Leo January 2018 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hh2BTvrsKW0

Leo January 2019 Tarot Reading ?? Obstacles & Burdens Removed ?? Triumph
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJtas86PCqE

Leo January 2020 Tarot Card Prediction ?Illusions Fear Fall Away ?Spiritual Changes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDswhr7-A5c

Leo July 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Celebration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZj3x4-_Mbs

Leo July 2018 Tarot Reading ??  Experiencing Grace
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99SF5CDwWYU

Leo July 2019 Tarot Card Reading ~ Your Next BIG ADVENTURE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtIzmGxBNNc

Leo June 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Celebration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xfErpdNEdk

Leo June 2018 Tarot Reading ?? Obstacles Will Fall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDYlOJWZHng

LEO JUNE 2021 TAROT CARD READING?? CHOOSING A NEW PATH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLScgkaS7dM

Leo March 2018 Tarot Reading ~ Truth Being Revealed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9ey78j0M60

Leo March 2019 Oracle Card Reading??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vro38KzEJxk

Leo May 2019 Tarot Reading ~ Focused Attention! Where is Yours
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lWXxnMSt6rU

Leo November 2016 Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5uWCsTYrH8

Leo November 2017 Tarot Card Reading ~~ Joyous Times Ahead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvbex4f0rD4

Leo November 2018 Tarot Readings ??To Every Action There's A Reaction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkdUtP8HZ2Y

Leo November 2019 Tarot Card Reading ?? ??Everything is Smooth Sailing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YhV_piQqgUc

Leo October 2017 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DX9oCzWVsL8

Leo October 2018 Tarot Card Reading ??Transcendence Something New Is  Brewing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bs6eBLdNSXc

Leo October 2019 Tarot Card Reading ?? Let Your Intuition Be Your Guide??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAdoLiDoJto

Leo September 2017 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=estmSBpGpAw

Leo September 2018 Tarot Reading ??New Birth Of Creation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5E8frvYUKcg

LEO SEPTEMBER 2019 TAROT CARD READING ?? BEGIN NOW TAKE YOUR FIRST STEP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpsLWv7fPh8

Leo Tarot Card Reading April 2018 ~ Finding Your Way Out Of A Situation ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlVrM0CZnic

Leo TarotScope March 2017  New Beginnings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YSDPaGLOGwA

Libra  December 2019 Prediction ?RAINBOW of Blessings?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIyLid_GfSc

Libra  May 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Achievements
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pb9L_Z9Sefk

Libra April 2019 Tarot Reading~Yes Your Wish Will Come True
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gq8jKoN97I4

Libra August 2017 Tarot Card Reading ~~ General Reading For August 2017 For Libra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2rEirXuzntU

Libra August 2018 Tarot Reading ?? Keep Balance ?? Rewards Are Coming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZvlJcc452rM

Libra December 2016 TarotScope Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEzlkkBl4dk

Libra December 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Recognition & Rewards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2hh7ervuMk

Libra December 2018 ??You Have The Power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q777bE0l1-o

Libra February 2017 TarotScope  Victory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVd1L1YHsWU

Libra February 2018 Tarot Reading ~~ Movement & Fire Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUZ_whpkSOs

Libra February 2019 Tarot Reading ~ Celebration Maybe A New Direction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsIp8_qJD4E

LIBRA FEBRUARY 2020 ??LOVE ??MONEY ??RELATIONSHIP PREDICTIONS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_EUiiemc0E

Libra Horoscope For December 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3o5npWrC81Y

Libra January 2017 Monthly TarotScope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgZvxN0i47E

Libra January 2018 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ocZxuUb58o

Libra January 2019 Tarot Reading ?? Time For Healing & Releasing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9hOrVX11q4

Libra January 2020 Tarot Card Prediction ?Celebration of Love??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvfzpO1a8o8

Libra July 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Obstacles Removed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rd1iO_ZWpQ

Libra July 2018 Tarot Reading ?? Decisions Made With Supreme Protection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vgJn5b3OXOU

Libra July 2019 Tarot Card Reading  ~ Expect MIRACLES
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B1crkDSHJck

Libra June 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Recovery & Back To Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0LmW97UTDWk

Libra June 2018 Tarot Reading ?? Betrayal ??  Open Communications
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sef6I-9Fmao

LIBRA JUNE 2021TAROT CARD READING ??NOW IS THE TIME TO START??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8KsxCtxVsFo

Libra March 2018 Tarot Reading ~ Betrayal Walking Away With Your Self Worth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9de7ohPcV28

Libra March 2019 Oracle Card Reading??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5MIQyXDTm8

Libra May 2019 Tarot Reading ~ Beautiful Month For You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QwGkiA348f4

Libra November 2016 Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrGBx8AjP70

Libra November 2017 Tarot Card Reading ~~ Phases Cycles Await You Removing Illusions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qACEVTClD1U

Libra November 2018 Tarot Readings ??Healing Energy How Will You Use It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plZ7z6WTiY4

Libra November 2019 Tarot Card Reading ?? ??Don't Give Up Success is at Hand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iSyRcGhiiuE

Libra October 2017 Tarot Card Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2euClj9atmY

Libra October 2018 Tarot Card Reading ?? A New Beginning After An Ending
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVcyI1utf0I

Libra October 2019 Tarot Card Reading ?? WoW Big Changes Divine Timing ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edtZ7eIt9w0

Libra September 2017 Tarot Card Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbf-eGTbVfA

Libra September 2018 Tarot Reading ?? New Exciting Beginnings Ahead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QaUsK7_QUBo

LIBRA SEPTEMBER 2019 TAROT CARD READING ?? GREAT ADVENTURE AWAITS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O21G0foJmao

Libra Tarot Card Reading April 2018 ~ Wealth ?? Abundance Acquired
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8HbAFCSIycs

Libra TarotScope March 2017  The Sun Is Shinning Down On You!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=klhmXVQM0B8

Life Path Number 1  Holistic Number 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IbIYlF84yx8

Life Path Number 2  Holistic Number 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WsIYGYu2n5M

Life Path Number 3  Holistic Number 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CjKcL3jPWOE

Life Path Number 4  Holistic Number 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vLgU0AEV9vw

Life Path Number 5  Holistic Number 5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_MLkRgyPTM

Life Path Number 6  Holistic Number 6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDZYh1fJv8s

Life Path Number 7  Holistic Number 7
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G27XKEguB70

Life Path Number 8  Holistic Number 8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0DOOOcBbdV4

Life Path Number 9  Holistic Number 9
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=magib2IPSeA

Lions Gate Portal ?? 8-8 ?? Will You Step In ?? What Can You Do?? August 8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqjZ5uo7kbM

Live Free Card Readings & Pendulum Readings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcb2lq5cuNU

Live Free Pendulum Reading (recorded) February 25, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9d7q7QkWTQ

Lodestone and  It's Magnetic Properties
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSTTTiAldwg

Luck Lottery Spell Coin Scratch Your Way To Money ??????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2YZ7_53cXo

Lunar Eclipse Full Moon Empowerment Spell  Time To Take Your Power Back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-Fgii-B_0M

MAGICAL DIMENSIONS ORACLE CARDS AND ACTIVATORS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXKjfGouXzM

March 2018 Full Moon ~ Storm Moon   Worm Moon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mg2XLwFBd1Q

MARCH 2020 PREDICTIONS ??PICK A CARD ??WHAT DOES MARCH HOLD??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JC0QVKvidns

March 2021 Air Signs Gemini ??Libra?? Aquarius Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqjPfkUg44k

March 2021 Earth Signs Taurus?? Virgo?? Capricorn Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pihYplxwgdE

March 2021 Fire Signs Aires?? Leo ??Sagittarius Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dC82sR6_xHs

March 2021 Pick A Card Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sY4CebIBtRk

MARCH 2021 WATER SIGNS CANCER?? SCORPIO ??PISCES TAROT READING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQ6zd22E9ec

Medicine Cards ?? What Wisdom Does The Animals Offer Us?? Pick A Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pehSV99V4GY

Message From The Ancestors ?? Pick A Card ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OzxqlYeqb60

Milky Quartz  Use To Connect With Your Higher Source Self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5YbjKMyZFw

Money Expansion Chant  (sitting at my alter making magik ) On A Full Moon's Night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLo1KLHs9GI

Money Flowing Oil Lamp  HOODOO ROOT WORKING Money Spell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLcS4_Fq-jo

Money Wealth Abundance Mojo Bag Gris Gris Money ??????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqp7o4eE3CU

Money Wealth Abundance Spell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWPCAZn-chc

Money ~ Wealth ~ Abundance Spell Using a Wanga Poppet Voodoo Doll ~ Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTgsDC7iT8c

Money ~ Wealth ~ Abundance Spell Using a Wanga Poppet Voodoo Doll ~ Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B6oY54IeY4Q

Monkey Chinese Horoscope For December 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzpszygxF74

MOONSTONE AND IT SPIRITUAL MAGICAL HEALING ENERGY PROPERTIES!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4GVelBwIXrE

New Oracle Deck Angel Therapy Doreen Virtue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RhHWFGlxcEY

Next Three Months Love Life  ?????? Pick A Card ??????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iFxt2oINulk

November 2019 Predictions ??Pick A Card ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFvo0OWurJQ

October 17- 23 Oracle Card Reading General Oracle Card Reading For All Signs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RaBCZ93iuQ

October 2019 Predictions ?? Pick A Card ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qn40P49rdwE

October's Full Moon Names ~ Hunter's Moon, Blood-Moon, Harvest Moon & Winter Full Moon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BMnieaUDdm4

Offering Money Spell To The Goddess Of Abundance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJTripMeRCg

Oracle Card  Reading May 31- June 6, 2021    Pick a Card Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ddm3jgjLC00

Oracle Card Reading April 15-21, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading (1296895)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YwWzIEN5bP4

Oracle Card Reading April 15-21, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kyUSM6e4PFg

Oracle Card Reading April 2 - 8, 2018  ?? Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3  ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_fJC8CgyN0

Oracle Card Reading April 22-28, 2019 ~Pick A Card 1-2-3 ~General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-QQrifq1a4s

Oracle Card Reading April 29- May 5, 2019 ??Pick A Card 1-2-3 ??General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6eqUyIqR9k

Oracle Card Reading April 29- May 5, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyg0wvTuxNI

Oracle Card Reading August 12-18, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Sbosnp0afY

Oracle Card Reading August 19-25, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General  Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfKvs1om4u8

Oracle Card Reading August 26- Sept. 1, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPqPPAOlxeY

Oracle Card Reading August 5-11, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4KQrLhn8Mk

Oracle Card Reading December 16-22, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpbVo6ctKEI

Oracle Card Reading December 23-29, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ??General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41wPN43tHcA

Oracle Card Reading December 5 -11, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-0ywkhh72c

Oracle Card Reading December 9-15,2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqx6oRGLbF8

Oracle Card Reading Feb. 25- March 3, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ??General Reading (1864533)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mP5wE6aIVY

Oracle Card Reading Feb. 25- March 3, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ??General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhjoh19znUA

Oracle Card Reading February 27  -  March 5, 2017  Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2eqr84v69Y

Oracle Card Reading For April 10 -16, 2017 ~ Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DBigW9tK8gM

Oracle Card Reading For April 17- 23, 2017 ~Pick A Card 1- 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iiQLRxpL4C4

Oracle Card Reading For April 24 - 30,  2017 ~ Pick A Card 1- 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_C9RGKXHmk

Oracle Card Reading For April 3 - 9, 2017 ~ Pick A Card 1- 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJuJww6xUq8

Oracle Card Reading For August 14 - 20, 2017 ~ 3 Card Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cooNDMBUiFE

Oracle Card Reading For August 21 - 27, 2017 ~ 3 Card Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kDVS3vpnIyw

Oracle Card Reading For August 28 - Sept. 3, 2017 ~~ 3 CARD READING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NtsGFeY55L8

Oracle Card Reading For August 7 - 13, 2017 ~~ 3 Card Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_jttz3NQ_wI

Oracle Card Reading for December 10-16, 2018??Pick a Card 1-2-3??General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Ol2szwQ0oE

Oracle Card Reading For December 11 - 17, 2017 ~ Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3 ~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Wd-rA_OLHQ

Oracle Card Reading For December 12 - 18, 2016 Extend A Hand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z6GAFoVzbx0

Oracle Card Reading For December 15 - 21, 2018 ~~ Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3 ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sbPRaACLjWs

Oracle Card Reading for December 17-23, 2018 ?? Pick a Card 1-2-3 ??General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6h1lsEEnpRU

Oracle Card Reading For December 18 - 24, 217 ~ Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3 ~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JKVc5g6699A

Oracle Card Reading For December 19 - 25, 2016 Express Your Gifts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hyn-MMKcAn0

Oracle Card Reading For December 25, - 31, 2017 ~ Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3 ~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQwnFs8pQsU

Oracle Card Reading For December 26 - January 1 , 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TtmfUycfe6g

Oracle Card Reading For December 4 - 10, 2017 ~ Pick A Card 1- 2 - 3 ~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OO4XUwnRw9w

Oracle Card Reading For December 8 - 14, 2018 ~~ Pick A Card 1 - 2 -3 ~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1QnUTFBmdM

Oracle Card Reading For February 12  - 18, 2018 ~ Pick A Card 1 -  2 -   3 ~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USYPtLTKHmg

Oracle Card Reading For February 13 -19,  2017  Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52wJ4-tYpbQ

Oracle Card Reading For February 19 - 25, 2018 ~ General Reading ~ FREE READING GIVEAWAY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYEzovSW6nw

Oracle Card Reading For February 20 - 26 2017,  Pick a Card 1 - 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UlyYoKMW9_Q

Oracle Card Reading For February 26 - March 4, 2018 ~ Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3 ~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NrS8PRnz4E

Oracle Card Reading For February 5 - 11, 2018 ~ Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3 ~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dUDEhMTjQI

Oracle Card Reading For February 6 - 12, 2017  Pick A Card 1- 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Sjs52q1HCw

Oracle Card Reading For Jan 2 - 7, 2017 PEACE & LOVE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbKbZbCuykM

Oracle Card Reading For Jan 9 - 15, 2017 LEAD BY EXAMPLE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WqGrxeWWXLM

Oracle Card Reading For January 1 - 7, 2018 ~~ Pick A Card ~ 1 - 2 - 3 ~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYhbp87yV_0

Oracle Card Reading For January 16 - 22, 2017 OPEN COMMUNICATION
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pW3SAC6Lxo

Oracle Card Reading For January 22 - 28, 2018 ~ Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3 ~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G8ewOndNYoY

Oracle Card Reading For January 23 - 29, 2017  COSMIC GATEWAY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwX_7VvVCP4

Oracle Card Reading For January 29 - February 4, 2018 ~ Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3 ~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cOWzX0VsOqs

Oracle Card Reading For January 30 - Feb 5, 2017  Pick A Number 1 2 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqe7kQkaEwQ

Oracle Card Reading For July 10 -16, 2017 ~ Pick A Card ~ 1 - 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Z9GmOqupPo

Oracle Card Reading For July 16-22, 2018 ?? Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3 ?? General Reading ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jDk_o4h1QtE

Oracle Card Reading For July 2 - 8, 2018 ??  Pick A Card 1 -  2 -  3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxiYlrhO0WE

Oracle Card Reading For July 23-29, 2018 ??  Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZLCppisjwA

Oracle Card Reading For July 3 - 9, 2017 ~ Pick A Card 1- 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-spvwkWTo0

Oracle Card Reading For July 31 - August 6, 2017 ~~ 3 Card Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJgQzs0hh9w

Oracle Card Reading For July 9 - 15, 2018 ?? Pick A Card ?? 1 - 2 - 3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocWjwtKnGWk

Oracle Card Reading For June 12 - 18, 2017 ~ Pick A Card 1- 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cr7Ibus5pa4

Oracle Card Reading For June 18 - 24, 2018 ??  Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3 ??  General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GL0JlKY-Q3c

Oracle Card Reading For June 19 - 25, 2017 ~ Pick A Card 1- 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2PFo5Y9CymE

Oracle Card Reading For June 4 - 10, 2018 Pick ?? A Card 1 - 2 - 3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACiu8OrFxnQ

Oracle Card Reading For June 5 - 11, 2017 ~ Pick A Card 1- 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXhwfeKe2sE

Oracle Card Reading For March 12 - 18, 2018 ~ Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3 ~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekpg1mHZ57o

Oracle Card Reading For March 13 - 19, 2017  Pick A Card 1- 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Irdy9k4m3Fk

Oracle Card Reading for March 18-24, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suvXXYNSFec

Oracle Card Reading For March 19 - 25, 2018 ?? Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cURAJESQ6I

Oracle Card Reading For March 20 -  26 , 2017  Pick A Card 1- 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIKjbHj9pxc

Oracle Card Reading For March 26 - April 1, 2018 ?? Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9yB_J8TtUvA

Oracle Card Reading For March 27 - April 2, 2017~ Pick A Card 1- 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wIH9IRuKCG4

Oracle Card Reading For March 5 - 11, 2018 ~ Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3 ~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkaDVUE7xp0

Oracle Card Reading For March 6 -12, 2017  Pick A Card 1- 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28kk9708K74

Oracle Card Reading For May 1- 7, 2017 ~ Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FaRnPzHWnQc

Oracle Card Reading For May 15 - 21,  2017 ~ Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbzAeMzpJ4I

Oracle Card Reading For May 21 - 27, 2018 ??  Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3 ??  General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QVJEmClS5cQ

Oracle Card Reading For May 22 - 28  2017 ~ Pick A Card 1- 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRN4JNiV4cs

Oracle Card Reading For May 28 - June 3, 2018??  Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNsz1zd14DU

Oracle Card Reading For May 29 - June 4, 2017 ~ Pick A Card -1- 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGx1kKJCCj4

Oracle Card Reading For May 8 - 14, 2017 ~ Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPJ1Mxydaeo

Oracle Card Reading For November 13- 19, 2017 ~ Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-UfP55Zt-w

Oracle Card Reading For November 14 - 20, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7GfRuoVlxs

Oracle Card Reading For November 26-December 2. 2018 ??Pick A Card 1-2-3 ??General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nn4yYMPlCkQ

Oracle Card Reading For November 28 - December 4, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaNk8HfOfF8

Oracle Card Reading For November 6 - 12, 2017 ~ Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zbo4yq7qDQ8

Oracle Card Reading For November 7 - 13, 2016 Joan of Arc Message
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQ6IqpeEeVE

Oracle Card Reading For October 16 - 22, 2017 ~ Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwPk0XCN1j0

Oracle Card Reading For October 2 - 8, 2017 ~ 3 Card Reading ~
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zCljFHQpMH0

Oracle Card Reading For October 23 - 29, 2016 For All Signs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gSNjtq3LnVk

Oracle Card Reading For October 23 - 29, 2017 ~ Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7Y8N_R9ou0

Oracle Card Reading For October 30   Nov 5, 2017 ~ Pick A Card 1 - 2  - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9lsUqbphiqs

Oracle Card Reading For October 9 - 15, 2017 ~~ Pick A Card ~ 1 -2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGQ7nH8Febw

Oracle Card Reading For September 11 - 17, 2017 ~~ 3 Card Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSU3kyXGQU0

Oracle Card Reading For September 4 - 10, 2017 ~~ 3 Card Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tCHc8PXCiRk

Oracle Card Reading January 21-27, 2018 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1WqSaMI-1E

Oracle Card Reading July 1-7, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QsZ8F1aGeZU

Oracle Card Reading July 15-21, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4pT0a0MpSQ

Oracle Card Reading July 22-28, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading (1679644)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AP5yjv75My8

Oracle Card Reading July 22-28, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ax-_q5FNsQo

Oracle Card Reading July 29- Aug 4, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Si8ufwWChrc

Oracle Card Reading July 8-14, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2LC8R1byQU

Oracle Card Reading June 10-16, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading (1584801)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBEJnZDwYmE

Oracle Card Reading June 10-16, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_-ONMJbRVw

Oracle Card Reading June 14 - 20, 2021 Pick A Card Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tioGoLtPOqc

Oracle Card Reading June 17-23, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7e52B2O52M

Oracle Card Reading June 24-30, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FIQ7QvWOp9k

ORACLE CARD READING JUNE 27- JULY 4, 2021 ??PICK A CARD ??GENERAL READING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9tmbKjIkbjU

Oracle Card Reading June 3-9, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KWNxrOv5kWA

Oracle Card Reading June 7- 13, 2021?? Pick A Card Reading?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=73Umgh3jM_s

Oracle Card Reading March 11-17, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading (1149298)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bid0LmHsp1I

Oracle Card Reading March 11-17, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFdWPT4x318

Oracle Card Reading March 25-31, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading (1430487)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxhgQMa4wEo

Oracle Card Reading March 25-31, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3RaO2eWha4

Oracle Card Reading March 4-10, 2019 ~ Pick A Card ~ 1-2-3 ~ General Card Reading (1153986)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l55kP2jbllo

Oracle Card Reading March 4-10, 2019 ~ Pick A Card ~ 1-2-3 ~ General Card Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5YMtnOs6SI

Oracle Card Reading May 20-26, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9yzUbWKPkU

Oracle Card Reading May 27-June 2, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GgIC1v37cN8

Oracle Card Reading May 6-12,2019~Pick A Card 1-2-3~General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJ4BfnqlP9o

Oracle Card Reading Nov 25-Dec 1, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vci6dHOKeeY

Oracle Card Reading Nov. 18-24, 2019?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ??General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JcHYfGQIGF0

Oracle Card Reading Oct. 28- Nov.3,2019 ??Pick a Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wt__QvAZuZc

Oracle Card Reading October 14-20, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UScG64BBspM

Oracle Card Reading October 21-27, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hOhzDv47TQ

Oracle Card Reading October 22-28, 2018 ??Pick A Card 1-2-3 ??General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diFSR0E60Cw

Oracle Card Reading October 7-13, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lll5qWvnMDs

Oracle Card Reading October ??15-21, 2018 Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nUv64VdLh34

Oracle Card Reading Sept.30-Oct 6, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ??General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eRsLHnCKIC0

Oracle Card Reading September 16-22, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNWlqOk8MHg

Oracle Card Reading September 2-8, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQCYmO3n30M

Oracle Card Reading September 23-29, 2019 ?? Pick A Card ?? 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDySwrucO64

Oracle Card Reading September 9-15, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRBFqjy6bZE

Oracle Card Reading September 9-15, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DbGHWNtywAo

Oracle Card Reading ??November 12-18, 2018 ??Pick A Card 1-2-3 ??General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAFBCsaQt3s

Oracle Card Reading ??November 5-11, 2018 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ??General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyxVxT5B54w

Oracle Card Reading ??October 29-Nov 4, 2018 ??Pick A Card 1-2-3 ??General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3KNAO0BMsQ

Oracle Message For October 31  Nov  5th 2016 For All Signs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4OX1vvQHYs

Oracle Reading For December 3-9, 2018 ??Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AYaGg_8yQsE

Oracle Reading For June 11 - 17, 2018 ?? Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9HTF4cKOvN8

Oracle Reading For June 25 - July 1, 2018 ?? Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_L0nCmXSGY

Oracle Reading For Nov. 27 - Dec.3, 2017 ~~ Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3 - ~~General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYs5W9S4gmg

Ostara  ?? Planting The Seeds ????????????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ItkTGHffAw

Ostara The Vernal Equinox
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tm8eh8fN63s

Ox Chinese Horoscope For December 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7s7dljFigIQ

Peacock Ore ~~~ Chakra Stone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-NyeUjt43E

Pig Chinese Horoscope For December 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6QwsEkzMGGc

Pisces  December 2019 Prediction ? Protected By ANGELS?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVipQTk2MTY

Pisces  May 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Strength
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_dstqEvW9w

Pisces April 2019 Tarot Readings~Run Of New Luck & Money Blessings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wm5pm5zGYT8

Pisces August 2017 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading For August 2017 For Pisces
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5-eOMzZLwg

Pisces August 2018 Tarot Reading ??Stop The Juggling ?? Find Balance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M80H9VUuLgw

Pisces December 2016 TarotScope Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jrht2qL45r4

Pisces December 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Flexibility is The Key
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kL4fx8q73Oo

Pisces December 2018 ??Begin Now Take Your First Step
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2eW_Dak_sx4

Pisces February 2017 TarotScope  Let Go Of Fear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dogy-7eS_Uk

Pisces February 2018 Tarot Reading ~~ Infinite Abundance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JForIiVsBxk

Pisces February 2019 Tarot Reading ~ Removing Blocked Energy & Giving Back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgWQx2sJ5W4

PISCES FEBRUARY 2020 ??LOVE ??MONEY ??RELATIONSHIP PREDICTIONS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ht_1fDR3LjQ

Pisces Horoscope For December 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1fm-bEOZzw

Pisces January 2017 Monthly TarotScope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrG09NA43Gs

Pisces January 2018 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wF5ol9xPLD8

Pisces January 2019 Tarot Reading ?? Begin Now & Take Your First Step
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FzYzlgqtAFo

Pisces January 2020 Tarot Card Prediction ?Release the Fear Make the Decision?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GipjPslp7s

Pisces July 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Ready For A Change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0503U0fCGX8

Pisces July 2018 Tarot Reading ?? The End And The Beginning Of Something Good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqD2dSFd6AA

Pisces July 2019 Tarot Card Reading ~ MIRACULOUS Changes Are Occurring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8Giahg38_Y

Pisces June 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Broken Heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AvioZtCjWaM

Pisces June 2018 Tarot Reading  ?? Infinite Abundance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrsR_BikCkU

PISCES JUNE 2021 TAROT CARD READING ??CLEAN SLATE ??A REBIRTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9PSTBLfnOQ0

Pisces March 2018 Tarot Reading ~ 1010 Financial- Emotional - Security
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWs4p528AQI

Pisces March 2019 Oracle Card Reading??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OM3FRLoLFgk

Pisces November 2016 Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opnmF0NurNg

Pisces November 2017 Tarot Card Reading ~~ Infinite Abundance New Journey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vMT0z3DfXyU

Pisces November 2018 Tarot Readings ??Embracing Enthusiasm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJbpGR7wvbU

Pisces November 2019 Tarot Card Reading ?? ??Listen to Your Intuition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvQuo70NPgk

Pisces October 2017 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45r218E1Omw

Pisces October 2018 Tarot Card Reading ??Ascension Changing Frequencies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KDwbXhcoJXE

Pisces October 2019 Tarot Card Reading ?? Beautiful Blessings Are Happening ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0z-RsYh6IGM

Pisces September 2017 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmRNPuy3iaI

Pisces September 2018 Tarot Reading ??Court Battle In Your Favor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptgYeFlWYw4

PISCES SEPTEMBER 2019 TAROT CARD READING ?? VICTORY AWAITS YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTJCSJGHpqc

Pisces Tarot Card Reading April 2018 ~ Celebrating This Month ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kDECEppX2yE

Pisces TarotScope March 2017  Attainment Of Goals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2b8X1SGm0Rc

POSTCARDS  FROM SPIRIT ORACLE DECK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_JuMSj40iA

President Donald Trump China North Korea Russia Predictions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wEhgTm3yWPs

Protections Mojo Bag Protection Gris Gris Bag
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQ-N78bAD2E

Protective Blessing For Cats Protection Spell Chant For Pet Cat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljKIqP9jBPg

Protective Blessing For Dogs Protection Spell Chant For Pet Dog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ybaZZ3xex7M

Rabbit Chinese Horoscope For December 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5EslxYX0zw

Rat Chinese Horoscope For December 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-_NGBmtfiY

Rhodochrosite and Its Magical Properties
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2Xkgy6C_f4

Rooster Chinese Horoscope For December 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pUWdrtZuyA0

SACRED TRAVERLER ORACLE CARDS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6uGkVftMfww

Sagittarius   May 2017 Tarot Reading ~ You've Made A Decision
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkF99xu1Bko

Sagittarius  December 2018 ?? Shout To The Heavens With Happiness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a30wX9IpUk4

Sagittarius  March 2018 Tarot Reading ~ Month Of Action Time Is Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uY4Zik7Lg4

Sagittarius April 2019 Tarot Readings~Trickster Among You but You Must Forgive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzYJSz_atPk

Sagittarius August 2017 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading For August 2017 For Sagittarius
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afrGgu5q3QY

Sagittarius August 2018 Tarot Reading ?? Divine Order ?? Do What You Feel Is Right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=88nOcrUT8nE

Sagittarius December 2016 TarotScope Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V89O6BiKN5g

Sagittarius December 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Truths Revealed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25cp29WSD0Q

Sagittarius December 2019 ? Prediction Stay Focus on Your Goals Blessings Are Near?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YbLt3AapO4E

Sagittarius February 2017 TarotScope  Worries Over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbZ8NlhtXAg

Sagittarius February 2018 Tarot Reading ~~ Money On The Fore Front
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unTLY8tFLSo

Sagittarius February 2019 Tarot Reading ~Nothing Ventured Nothing Gained
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CsNg8mJVaHc

SAGITTARIUS FEBRUARY 2020?? LOVE ??MONEY?? RELATIONSHIP PREDICTIONS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7CYTiaKwMKA

Sagittarius Horoscope For December 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MRI8GKjmfEk

Sagittarius January 2017 Monthly TarotScope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7DVazKGDh1w

Sagittarius January 2018 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f39IIHMiN3U

Sagittarius January 2019 Tarot Reading ?? Keep Going Hidden Treasures Await
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K2kMyB52vkc

Sagittarius January 2020 Tarot Card Prediction ?Forgiveness is at Hand ?You Are The Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LsZkY2wxmG0

Sagittarius July 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Let Your Intuition Guide You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qScNqWU8AJ0

Sagittarius July 2018 Tarot Reading ??  Triumph After Disarray
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXxBdM9OTmw

Sagittarius July 2019 Tarot Card Reading ~ Lucky FORTUNATE Period
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzG85jvD1z8

Sagittarius June 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Blessings Of The Cosmos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTZCVXz7gW8

Sagittarius June 2018 Tarot Reading ?? Stand Strong??  Stop Worrying ??  Voice Your Truth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndJaCkL1V3M

Sagittarius June 2019 Predictions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZDL16ZpBZmw

SAGITTARIUS JUNE 2021 TAROT CARD?? READING YOU GET YOUR WISH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_lfU-6P3JGU

Sagittarius March 2019 Oracle Card Reading??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-nx-z1fz46Y

Sagittarius May 2019 Tarot Reading ~ Allow Miracles To Occur
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3nDofWlagic

Sagittarius November 2016 Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=polbo5huXaU

Sagittarius November 2017 Tarot Card Reading ~~ Supreme Protection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqiTBoQ0EX4

Sagittarius November 2018 Tarot Readings ?? Oh No! Stab In The Back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T1-pO2RIK1U

Sagittarius November 2019 Tarot Card Reading ?? ?? Success Rewards Recognition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GhFXpeYCh_E

Sagittarius October 2017 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ju5dXixTtpg

Sagittarius October 2018 Tarot Card?? Reading Hidden Dishonor You Know The Truth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mem1_7E0dHo

Sagittarius October 2019 Tarot Card Reading ??Choosing Your Path All Is Possible ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F5V2fA6EW_s

Sagittarius September 2017 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogXJRyG3kf8

Sagittarius September 2018 Tarot Reading ??Trust Your Inner Voice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cToLmxbnngw

SAGITTARIUS SEPTEMBER 2019 TAROT CARD READING ??WEIGHT LIFTED SUCCESS ACCOMPLISHED
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CaqEjzemuJg

Sagittarius Tarot Card Reading April 2018 ~ Your Prayers Are Being Heard ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNrXswtium4

Sagittarius TarotScope March 2017  Material Wind Fall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYq1HJ0aksA

Samhain Ancient Traditions Halloween Pagan Samhain Traditions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxBYeRS4XI4

Scorpio  May 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Travel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bImHPbDCajc

Scorpio April 2019 Tarot Readings~Stand Your Ground Victory Is At Hand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJTDIf3xKa4

Scorpio August 2017 Tarot Card Reading ~~ General Reading For August 2017 For Scorpio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nskZwnlrOd4

Scorpio August 2018 Tarot Reading ?? Don't Stress Its Coming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4i6nBSnyWuY

Scorpio December 2016 TarotScope Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmRCXuyTabA

Scorpio December 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Ending 2017 On A Good Note
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0_HW6UlZeo

Scorpio December 2018 ??Your Exactly Where You Need To Be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S4-nuSCfeoE

Scorpio December 2019 ?Prediction New Cycle Awaits?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9WY_h5fbkdo

Scorpio February 2017 TarotScope  Breaking Free
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iKHnvBAmMIQ

Scorpio February 2018 Tarot Reading ~~ Monumental BreakThroughs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUsdlWKyrOQ

Scorpio February 2019 Tarot Reading ~Visualize Success & Have Faith
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0tEbX-IVGw

SCORPIO FEBRUARY 2020 ??LOVE ??MONEY ??RELATIONSHIP PREDICTIONS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLRf9037v8g

Scorpio Horoscope For December 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W27PzfajmAw

Scorpio January 2017 Monthly TarotScope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmHGWRqc9Io

Scorpio January 2018 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=foHVT1WZ03w

Scorpio January 2019 Tarot Reading ?? Take The Risk Venture Forward
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_jcPMDtecPE

Scorpio January 2020 Tarot Card Prediction? WoW Beautiful Start to a New Year?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQDqjKdhgRk

Scorpio July 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Whats Got You Worried
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LxrPZSVLk0

Scorpio July 2018 Tarot Reading ?? Loving Successful Month
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awbS-IRnd6o

Scorpio July 2019 Tarot Card Reading ~ Victory and GOOD Fortune
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=maWFq6qCTag

Scorpio June 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Exciting Experience Is About To Begin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SA-5cW9kUcc

Scorpio June 2018 Tarot Reading ??  Deep Insight Coming From The  Astral Realm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-G33H1NqE0M

SCORPIO JUNE 2021 TAROT CARD READING ??A NEW JOURNEY AWAITS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DBGZGW6MCJ4

Scorpio March 2018 Tarot Reading ~ Emotional Healing Is Possible At This Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_n_pAo-LXo

Scorpio March 2019 Oracle Card Reading??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEeNzYUORLA

Scorpio May 2019 Tarot Reading ~ Who is Being Sneaky With You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsz9Mu7ZiaE

Scorpio November 2016 Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RJlI-aPAJX0

Scorpio November 2017 Tarot Card Reading ~~ Voice Your Truth They Won't Like It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TuuimlDo_mE

Scorpio November 2018 Tarot Readings ?? Beginning A New Cycle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGejVbPZzF8

Scorpio November 2019 Tarot Card Reading ?? ?? You Will Believe in Magic This Month
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qZ4u3DkzBRA

Scorpio October 2017 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfdWLadbUQQ

Scorpio October 2018 Tarot Card Reading ??Cut The Chains Address Shadow Side
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WdBGnMqM9B0

Scorpio October 2019 Tarot Card Reading ?? Burdens Are Lifted Victory Is Ahead??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Tc9Kcp_C7w

Scorpio September 2017 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yiidA01H5qg

Scorpio September 2018 Tarot Reading ??A Wonderful Blessed Month
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kGWdnaMJR60

SCORPIO SEPTEMBER 2019 TAROT CARD READING ?? YOUR CUP RUNNTH OVER
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsQb4ezpjM8

Scorpio Tarot Card Reading April 2018 ~ Enlightenment ?? Light Activation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ihSdkIOSEY

Scorpio TarotScope March 2017  Travel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJbOGwylEd0

Selenite ~~ All Its Spiritual Properties ~~ A Must To Have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efELlTh2JnU

Self Healing Love Spell Using Heart Chakra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggVV5BR2jG4

September 2019 Predictions Pick A Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yiIazfUEgEI

Sigils  Simple Easy Way To Manifest Wishes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1emdzgKqj1U

Sigils Magic Uses  How To Make A Sigils  Create Your Own
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ayEECNcc_f4

Signs & Synchronicities What Do They Mean To You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QdQzUXrI_UU

Signs You Are Spiritually Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3PN8zf1frI

Simple Love Spell Works Best on Friday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qAhg6xpjoQ

Simple Spell To Get A Job Gain Employment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gyZlni4RqK8

SIMPLE TEA SPELL TO RELEASE ANGER
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6BbxC6Ljh4

Snake Chinese Horoscope For December 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wd8AYXhXqg

Snowflake Obsidian And All Its Mystical Properties
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sEOkn7DAMFo

Sodalite Promotes Logic and Self Esteem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sLUZGxQc3wY

Solar Eclipse Manifestation Spell  Time To Manifest Your Hearts Desire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i16_8b3kQfk

Spell For Confidence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-kJbQzLdwU

Spell To Attract A Soulmate ~ Twin Flame Spell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngVeXojHAbQ

Spell To Ease Heartache Or Broken Heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pRrKAasfBqs

Spell to Find a Job  Job Spell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=js-a0RcI8BA

Spell To Halt Gossip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KfHIGCkidis

Spell To Help Low Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eimBtWaqy4w

Spell To Know The Truth Spell To Open Your 3rd Eye Powerful Truth Spell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2GczyVODU70

Spell To Open Your Third 3rd Eye Psychic Vision Spell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWkPue4NfG4

SPELL TO RELEASE FEAR ~~ SIMPLE CHANT TO HELP RELEASE FEAR
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbfQEtsy2es

Spell To Remove Bad Luck Negative EnergyHex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ts1011DF3EI

Spiritual Growth! What A Magical Journey It Is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mmKHUpRfGiE

SPIRITUAL MAGIC JOURNEY LIVE STREAM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74jgXUmsoag

Spiritual Meaning of 000 0000 0 00
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m7CzzWOeGbc

Spiritual Meaning of Number  111 1111 11 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dnJCKXadwE

Spiritual Meaning of Number  2222 222 22 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2I81j8pxUk

Spiritual Meaning of Number  333 3333 33 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5jI37rFVi6w

Spiritual Meaning of Number  444 4444 44 44
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bq5aUxTQfS4

Spiritual Meaning of Number  555 5555 55 5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4di1Xc35D3o

Spiritual Meaning of Number  666 66 6666 6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_5kKGrvquA

Spiritual Meaning of Number  777 77 7 7777
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unPbazmLs7w

Spiritual Meaning of Number  888 8888 88 8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEq9-L8E0zA

Spiritual Meaning of Number  999 9999 99 9
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxbXKn3F6sE

Spiritual Meaning of The Number 333 3333 33 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3CxlXX7ceo

Super Blood Blue Moon Eclipse January 31, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nE8_hBdPjPM

Tarot Spell For Abundance ~ Money Spell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mai1wBaAZq0

Tarot Spell For Protection ~ Using Tarot For Protection Spell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19ZxBnqUo9M

Taurus  February 2017 TarotScope  Your Wish Comes True
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-FIlbpOTxL8

Taurus  May 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Hard Times Over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CT06LXwPeoA

Taurus April 2019 Tarot Readings~You Are Protected During this Transition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKHzWGq-iP8

Taurus August 2017 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading For August 2017 For Taurus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZuXlCqGyFpc

Taurus August 2018 Tarot Reading ??Waves Of Inspiration & Love Are Coming To You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i27TedbyuHM

Taurus December 2016 TarotScope Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zejAnrkS2I

Taurus December 2017 Tarot Reading ~ New Spiritual Enlightenment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uOk5M3-HcCQ

Taurus December 2018 ??Ascending The Mtn Keep Going Forward
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JcMp64YeV-U

Taurus December 2019 Prediction ? Everything is Smooth Sailing?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RH5ug3sNiJ0

Taurus February 2018 Tarot Reading ~~ Soul Expansion & Revelations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaRu3UAr2ak

Taurus February 2019 Tarot Reading ~The World Completion Success
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIA9u3oI8Hc

TAURUS FEBRUARY 2020 ??LOVE ??MONEY ??RELATIONSHIP PREDICTIONS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHGZ61B_idk

Taurus Horoscope For December 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8jTtg3-k2g

Taurus January 2017 Monthly TarotScope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T-G8VS8MzPI

Taurus January 2018 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XwZJqN7-8s

Taurus January 2019 Tarot Reading ?? Choose Your Own Path All Is Possible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gEK3u2AUUZo

Taurus January 2020 Tarot Card Prediction ?Ending ?Then A Beautiful Beginning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_cIfpfornk

Taurus July 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Stabbed In The Back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKziquKHk74

Taurus July 2018 Tarot Reading ?? Miracles Are Occurring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MemBgBeY4MY

Taurus July 2019 Tarot Card Reading ~ A Beautiful TRANSFORMATION
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sif6M-6P93k

Taurus June 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Movement All Around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8HW0yv1no8

Taurus June 2018 Tarot Reading ??  Picking Up The Pace In June
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aRbdntvKAaE

TAURUS JUNE 2021 TAROT CARD READING ??MYSTIC HEALER??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iR8B6HOhKO8

Taurus March 2018 Tarot Reading ~ Love - Luck - home - finances - Awesome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIbzsCHZ95k

Taurus March 2019 Oracle Card Reading??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWMA4EWgP9I

Taurus May 2019 Tarot Reading ~ Celebration ~ Journey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1DNVJHbungg

Taurus November 2016 Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=175r8lEbdHE

Taurus November 2017 Tarot Card Reading ~~ Forgive In Order To Heal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1nvEht_IXcU

Taurus November 2018 Tarot Readings ??Expect The Wonderous To Emerge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L4egRHWVJ8k

Taurus November 2019 Tarot Card Reading ?? ?? Gates of Triumph ?? ??Success Expands
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSU_9Tdr1LE

Taurus October 2018 Tarot Card Reading ??New Run Of Luck Look Out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efsmDbjPg3E

Taurus October 2019 Tarot Card Reading ?? New Romance Love or Marriage ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ha-Z0PuAUVM

Taurus September 2017 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3KFfIzUKPAc

Taurus September 2018 Tarot Reading ??Breaking Down The Old
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6yqx0hdrXa0

TAURUS SEPTEMBER 2019 TAROT CARD READING ?? NEW OPPORTUNITY PRESENTS ITSELF
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXZus7Y7m4I

Taurus Tarot Card Reading April 2018 ~ Time To Create Your Own Path ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJE6l6DgQBE

Taurus TarotScope March 2017  Money Is Coming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NtwlVwSRyOU

THE WOLF TAROT DECK KICKSTARTER CAMPAIGN OFFICIALLY LAUNCHED SUPPORT AND MAKE YOUR PLEDGE TODAY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KmKSMcYFpTI

THE WOLF TAROT DECK ~~ 1st DEMO DECK ARRIVED TODAY!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVX_ozmipuk

THE WOLF TAROT DECK ~~~ 2nd PROMO DECK ``UUUGGHHH
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHUEm2XVfJY

Tiger Chinese Horoscope For December 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvN7F5Z6hvg

Tiger's Eye and Its Magical Properties
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3HVybMUWPw

Topaz and Its Magical  Properties
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opUeTbe9yQ4

Tricked By The Light  ~ Do You Really Have To Go In After You Die
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AyWT3s5vPdM

Unakite Stone ~ Magical & Spiritual Properties
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQ5K1nJQDmY

Update On The Wolf Tarot Deck ~~ What Do I Do Next
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sR2VWbCfXko

Using Energy Work To Create Miracles In Your Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yWTxSDya_9c

Violet Flame Mantra ~ I AM ~ Ascension Process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8XcCYrgUTw

Virgo  February 2017 TarotScope  Revelations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJ0DfmKzl1g

Virgo  May 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Rewards ~ Travel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NiiPJk0NYj0

Virgo  TarotScope March 2017  Walking Away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Th0fIpigWE

Virgo April 2019 Tarot Readings~Transitioning To Happier Times
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-6WBrug_kI

Virgo August 2017 Tarot Reading ~~ General Reading For August 2017 For Virgo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zi2Hu17i1c4

Virgo August 2018 Tarot Reading ?? A Journey To Enlightenment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AsM6e2UDeK4

Virgo December 2016 TarotScope Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wb0qXxsTDgk

Virgo December 2017 Tarot Reading ~ On The Right Path For Success
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dM8HUW0rPmk

Virgo December 2018 ??Transitioning To Better Times
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-W7MXAphpk

Virgo December 2019 Prediction ? Major Transformation?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HEpH_ewvxOw

Virgo February 2018 Tarot Reading ~~ Karma & The Sacred Rhythm Of Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_lVB0AskBVU

Virgo February 2019 Tarot Reading ~ Beautiful Transformation Is Happening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryxE04FdOVM

VIRGO FEBRUARY 2020 ??LOVE ??MONEY ??RELATIONSHIP PREDICTIONS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkUyCupfK3I

Virgo Horoscope For December 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smN6aQFy99o

Virgo January 2017 Monthly TarotScope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3YynsSfai0

Virgo January 2018 Tarot Reading ~~ A General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7bIPCRNpVwI

Virgo January 2019 Tarot Reading ?? Begin Now Take Your First Step
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pn8n8sSW_xM

Virgo January 2020 Tarot Card Prediction ?A Broken Heart By Who??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0X3FpCJEDuI

Virgo July 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Betrayal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uiZ_hutZE_k

Virgo July 2018 Tarot Reading ??  Something Ending ??  Releasing Karma
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B6aj-PuG2ho

Virgo July 2019 Tarot Card Reading ~ Cosmic Gateway Is Open
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58i0mlo1QU0

Virgo June 2017 Tarot Reading ~ Spiritual Advancement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UoQpRfvxMPI

Virgo June 2018 Tarot Reading ?? Spiritual Personal Financial Advancement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rvs_kHuwSAM

VIRGO JUNE 2021 TAROT CARD?? READING FAITH&INNER STRENGTH ??NOW LOOK AT YOU??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqo_DyQ9Z3E

Virgo March 2018 Tarot Reading ~ You Wield The Power This Month
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgMcsIm_Dxk

Virgo March 2019 Oracle Card Reading??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mvcfke5yfw8

Virgo May 2019 Tarot Reading ~ New Beginning ~ New Money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YENaxiHvJ7o

Virgo November 2016 Tarot Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1MzxMaTDUxQ

Virgo November 2017 Tarot Card Reading ~~ Joy Peace Family ~ Enjoy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDx-g7qCk64

Virgo November 2018 Tarot Readings ?? A Clean Slate New Beginning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MtXnfen1iwU

Virgo November 2019 Tarot Card Reading ?? ?? Your Sacrifices are Leading to Success
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QdfbK02URUU

Virgo October 2017 Tarot Card Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqnMZKak-tc

Virgo October 2017 Tarot Reading ~~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mN_XHY4CgSM

Virgo October 2018 Tarot Card Reading ?? Magic Manifestation Wielding Your Power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cy0pPFQwLCc

Virgo October 2019 Tarot Card Reading ??Get Ready For New Horizons ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=db-vpOBVH50

Virgo September 2017 Tarot Card Reading ~~ General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtm5NLnkgdE

Virgo September 2018 Tarot Reading ??Good Things Coming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWQ_VsObvrc

VIRGO SEPTEMBER 2019 TAROT CARD READING ??WALKING INTO A NEW DIRECTION
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hSKfsVWAMx4

Virgo Tarot Card Reading April 2018 ~ Justice Will Prevail ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3zP8eDwNE4

WEALTH ABUNDANCE CHECK SPELL BANK OF ABUNDANCE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93KgC9zb2k8

Weekly Oracle Card Reading April 1-7, 2019 ?Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yVbfZao0vM

Weekly Oracle Card Reading April 1-7, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FFYb-BFRjX8

Weekly Oracle Card Reading April 22-28, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ??General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bk7RCKlGpwk

Weekly Oracle Card Reading August 19-25, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JycGFAsYsS8

Weekly Oracle Card Reading August 5-11, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4ccTadu3-w

Weekly Oracle Card Reading Dec.2-8, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-JHM5oterg8

Weekly Oracle Card Reading Feb. 4 - 10, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ??General Reading (1012440)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OF11fkyG9IE

Weekly Oracle Card Reading Feb. 4 - 10, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ??General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrQ_-A8uXRo

Weekly Oracle Card Reading Feb.11-17, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQFF8F3wUzQ

Weekly Oracle Card Reading February 18-24, 2019~Pick A Card 1-2-3~General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZAUgyDPpu8

Weekly Oracle Card Reading For Aug. 27- Sept. 2, 2018 ??Pick A Card 1-2-3 ??General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3cxS9ITztQ

Weekly Oracle Card Reading For August 13  -19, 2018 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQJOM5zv62o

Weekly Oracle Card Reading For August 20-26, 2018 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=23k0tUDwz8s

Weekly Oracle Card Reading For August 27- Sept 2 , 2018 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ??General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ittCiqsCV4g

Weekly Oracle Card Reading For August 6 -12, 2018 ?? Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3 ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5iCHzDMPGrw

Weekly Oracle Card Reading For August 6 -12, 2018 ??  Pick A Card 1-2-3 ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OzirUNh2mq4

Weekly Oracle Card Reading for December 24-30, 2018 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RmBkKjqu3e0

Weekly Oracle Card Reading for January 28 - Feb.3 , 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZOkmtm-Z3QI

Weekly Oracle Card Reading For July 17 - 23, 2017 ~ Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xR5vcIMNes8

Weekly Oracle Card Reading For July 24 - 30, 2017 ~ Pick A Card ~ 1 - 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VbhxYU_zbNg

Weekly Oracle Card Reading For July 30 - Aug5, 2018 ?? Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3 ?? General Reading ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ZyoXO7oJuw

Weekly Oracle Card Reading For July 30 - August 5, 2018 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpZv-yQN2J0

Weekly Oracle Card Reading For May 14 - 20, 2018 ??  Pick A Card 1 - 2 - 3 ?? General Reading ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=einnNFMOf5Q

Weekly Oracle Card Reading For November 20 - 26, 2017 ~ Pick A Card 1- 2 - 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OuEI3J9tGk

Weekly Oracle Card Reading For Sept 10 -16, 2018 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xec6xT_BIk

Weekly Oracle Card Reading For Sept 10 -16, 2018 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjKp4tKiaRo

Weekly Oracle Card Reading For Sept 17-23, 2018 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hVaaUiZP-UI

Weekly Oracle Card Reading For Sept. 4 - 9, 2018 ??Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading (1944410)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9pFO33nlGw

Weekly Oracle Card Reading For Sept. 4 - 9, 2018 ??Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKMdPoIuRI4

Weekly Oracle Card Reading For September 18 - 24, 2017 ~ 3 Card Reading~
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZ6VC9Tu2Go

Weekly Oracle Card Reading January 14-20, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=giWmgYmxcYo

Weekly Oracle Card Reading January 14-20, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wha0Kiw-yl8

Weekly Oracle Card Reading January 21-27, 2018 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNl-h43dhDo

Weekly Oracle Card Reading January 7 -13, ?? 2019 Pick A Card 1-2 -3 ??General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGfOtCRwyKA

Weekly Oracle Card Reading July 1-7, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_WH_uBsxTs

Weekly Oracle Card Reading July 12-18, 2021 ?Pick A Card ?General Reading?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g941hq0Lp8g

Weekly Oracle Card Reading July 26-Aug. 1, 2021 ??Pick A Card?? General Reading??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XA5AVw-1R8

Weekly Oracle Card Reading July 8-14, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AMaxq9ODxQA

Weekly Oracle Card Reading June 24-30, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tk38VagBxF0

Weekly Oracle Card Reading June 3-9, 2019 Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mxIZ8m1rfc

Weekly Oracle Card Reading May 13-19, 2019 ?? Pick A Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56SzfRwv-Vo

Weekly Oracle Card Reading May 17- 23, 2021 Pick A Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JdOwMPNYC1w

Weekly Oracle Card Reading Nov 11-17, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ??General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXBm04hMeyg

Weekly Oracle Card Reading November ??19- 25, 2018?? Pick A Card 1 2 3 ??General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R51E_tfgu78

Weekly Oracle Card Reading November ??19- 25, 2018?? Pick A Card 1-2- 3 ??General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOF1gDEh7Xo

Weekly Oracle Card Reading ?? April 8-14, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading (1228742)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JlKHMXjh83E

Weekly Oracle Card Reading ?? April 8-14, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZiWSG_nRZE

Weekly Oracle Reading December 31-Jan. 6, 2018 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tl-4EJsBlmA

Weekly Oracle Reading October 7 -14,2018 ??Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qclz3CdMoak

Weekly Oracle Reading Sept  24-30,2018 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ??General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sa296YBcABk

Weekly Oracle Reading Sept 24-30,2018 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ??General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfdgCh5lr7s

Weekly Oracle Reading ??October 1 - 7,2018 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ??General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NWomqu2gRKk

Weekly Oracle Reading ??? October 1 - 7,2018  ???Pick A Card 1-2-3 ???General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4HhakO-tK-Y

Weekly Rune Oracle Card Reading For September 25 - October 1,2017 ~ Pick A Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfo7QNCMMB0

What Do You Think This Is UFO or DRONE  February 3, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__zEPVz6fH0

What Does 2017 In Numerology Look Like 2017 = Number 1 Year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jadubfxGpgk

What Should I Be Focusing On At This Moment (Spiritual Team) Spiritual Magic Journey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PohkCt-Waz8

What Should You Be looking Out For In Six Weeks ~ Pick A Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IF9UVPZ_2G8

What Your Spirit Guides Want You To Know Right Now ?? Pick A Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNpvcRTpsFk

Which Archangel Is Working With You At This Time ?? Pick A Card ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvtDDWeSrGw

White Light Protection Spell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITF3OtwjK9w

Winter Solstice A Little History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=22DK_AXtKp8

Witch Box Kit Beginners Spell Casting Kit Pentagram Wooden Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QbRkabzDkUg

Working With Lord Ganesh Prosperity Success Remover Of Obstacles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HYsBfRTPlr0

Your Spirit Guides  What Are Spirit Guides
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hIjrMtpUaoE

Yule - Winter Solstice History and Traditions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgm25UenNJE

~~~SEPTEMBER 2017 TAROT CARD READING ~~~ SEPTEMBER 2017 PREDICTIONS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X7KSHSUFGqg

~~~Sharing With You My Tarot Collection ~~~
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FVyT0oJxKYo

??AIRES MARCH 2020 LOVE MONEY RELATIONSHIP PREDICTIONS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GBCKafhLx6E

??AQUARIUS MARCH 2020 LOVE MONEY RELATIONSHIP PREDICTIONS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHAIioDvUxs

??CANCER MARCH 2020 LOVE MONEY RELATIONSHIP PREDICTIONS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cbz0tGhWW3Y

??CAPRICORN MARCH 2020 LOVE MONEY RELATIONSHIP PREDICTIONS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4mlKLeLdeE0

??GEMINI MARCH 2020 LOVE MONEY RELATIONSHIP PREDICTIONS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DB88rS450h0

??LEO MARCH 2020 LOVE MONEY RELATIONSHIP PREDICTIONS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SkIqhRQ7KNE

??LIBRA  MARCH 2020 LOVE MONEY RELATIONSHIP PREDICTIONS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQafacB_yR0

??PISCES MARCH 2020 LOVE MONEY RELATIONSHIP PREDICTIONS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8OVu8wewtUE

??SAGITTARIUS MARCH 2020 LOVE MONEY RELATIONSHIP PREDICTIONS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcoDMqooGK0

??SCORPIO MARCH 2020 LOVE MONEY RELATIONSHIP PREDICTIONS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BgC1onTtyfk

??TAURUS MARCH 2020 LOVE MONEY RELATIONSHIP PREDICTIONS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NJ82F-wr7E

??VIRGO MARCH 2020 LOVE MONEY RELATIONSHIP PREDICTIONS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMX72c2sLrE

?JULY 2020? 12 ZODIAC SIGNS TAROT CARD READING PREDICTIONS? JULY 2020?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86LLrAKjqvQ

??2021 Channeled  Predictions ??Pick A Card??What Does It Hold For Me??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMQesx7qTFc

??JANUARY 2021 PICK A CARD PREDICTIONS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZiyQTKlufY

??JANUARY 2021 TAROT CARD READING PREDICTIONS ??AIR-EARTH-FIRE-WATER SIGNS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWTRczt8lK4

??LIVE?? Weekly Oracle Card Reading July 19-25, 2021?? Pick A Card ??General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58cJ0AiHo7s

??November 2020 Air Signs Predictions ??Aquarius ??Gemini ??Libra??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXponHarjwQ

??November 2020 Earth Signs Predictions ??Capricorn ??Virgo ??Taurus??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpRDe5k6DxY

??November 2020 Fire Signs Predictions?? Aires ??Sagittarius?? Leo??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czzWVspV1CY

??November 2020 Predictions?? Pick a Card ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IljVZb9KTek

??November 2020 Water Signs Predictions ??Cancer?? Scorpio?? Pisces??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9FJOvvcZfo

??OCTOBER 2020 AIR SIGNS PREDICTIONS?? ~GEMINI~AQUARIUS~LIBRA??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=peAKn7nHYS0

??OCTOBER 2020 EARTH SIGNS PREDICTIONS ??~TAURUS~VIRGO~CAPRICORN??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTdt_X0RFQA

??OCTOBER 2020 FIRE SIGNS PREDICTIONS ??AIRES~LEO~SAGITTARIUS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1IhdvskPJBc

??OCTOBER 2020 PREDICTIONS ?? PICK A CARD??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-v3Ma5Ug6Y

??OCTOBER 2020 WATER SIGNS PREDICTIONS ??~CANCERS~SCORPIO~PISCES??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9b0Cvv7N2Js

??December 2020 Energy & Messages?? Reading Pick A Card??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Njv6-DSkD0

??April 2021 Energy and Messages ??What do you need to know ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMWiR78jFI0

??CAPRICORN AUGUST 2020 TAROT CARD READING PREDICTIONS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qljjtmk_7-A

?? APRIL 2020 AIRES PREDICTIONS ??HEALTH ??MONEY?? LOVE??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVie0pwPK5c

?? APRIL 2020 CANCER PREDICTIONS?? HEALTH ??MONEY ??LOVE??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wNnzeiZIyrQ

?? APRIL 2020 CAPRICORN PREDICTIONS ??LOVE?? MONEY?? HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5sioMmM25E

?? APRIL 2020 GEMINI PREDICTIONS ??LOVE?? MONEY ??HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGTexUyOt3Q

?? APRIL 2020 PISCES PREDICTIONS ??HEALTH ??MONEY ??LOVE??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RbjyPFrbqJc

?? APRIL 2020 SAGITTARIUS PREDICTIONS ??HEALTH?? MONEY ??LOVE??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOWFHKb__X4

?? APRIL 2020 TAURUS PREDICTIONS ??LOVE ??MONEY ??HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NiI09UAThAU

?? APRIL 2020 VIRGO PREDICTIONS?? LOVE ??MONEY ??HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjl9_T41pvA

??APRIL 2020 AQUARIUS PREDICTIONS ??LOVE ??MONEY HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RBAAAan1Jw4

??APRIL 2020 LEO PREDICTIONS?? HEALTH ??MONEY ??LOVE??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PX91Ra61gak

??APRIL 2020 LIBRA PREDICTIONS?? LOVE ??MONEY ??HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZ_7Zper2ME

??APRIL 2020 SCORPIO PREDICTIONS?? HEALTH ??MONEY?? LOVE??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hke5k61GJxA

??AQUARIUS AUGUST 2020 TAROT CARD READING PREDICTIONS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aTcTV_xI7AM

??Message From Your FUTURE Self ?? ??  Pick A Card ?? ????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=subkyc8Vi4w

??SAGITTARIUS AUGUST 2020 TAROT CARD READING PREDICTIONS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hve65XwQVfQ

??Weekly Oracle Reading June 15-21, 2020 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? (1916067)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZTGMsEibII

??Weekly Oracle Reading June 15-21, 2020 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPI4vb0y5fM

????What does 2020 Hold For Me?? Pick A Card....???? ????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SkCoTkdvmJ0

??LIBRA AUGUST 2020 TAROT CARD READING PREDICTIONS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8vnPRttuZRQ

??Weekly Oracle Card Reading July 13-19, 2020 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ??General Reading??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqqJaP_SQpU

??AIRES JUNE  2020 PREDICTIONS ??TAROT CARD READING??  LOVE ??MONEY?? HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Okn9RWxh65E

??April 2021 Air Signs Tarot Card Reading Predictions?? Gemini?? Aquarius Libra??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5lwkUw-hOk

??April 2021 Earth Signs Tarot Card Reading Predictions?? Capricorn ??Virgo ??Taurus??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYuY4UsYjCs

??April 2021 Fire Signs Tarot Reading Predictions?? Leo ??Sagittarius ??Aries??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzM3wl5KRFc

??April 2021 Water Signs Tarot Card Reading Prediction??Cancer ??Pisces ??Scorpio??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGD8Na5np1Q

??AQUARIUS JUNE 2020 PREDICTIONS ??TAROT CARD READING  ??LOVE??  MONEY ??HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UrUxPdmB108

??CANCER JUNE 2020 PREDICTIONS ??TAROT CARD READING??  LOVE?? MONEY?? HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ADD46ebFWXQ

??CAPRICORN JUNE 2020 PREDICTIONS ??TAROT CARD READING  ??LOVE?? MONEY ??HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_D1KQI9YTdI

??GEMINI JUNE 2020 PREDICTIONS ??TAROT CARD READING ?? LOVE ??MONEY?? HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPvYilFl07g

??June 2021 Predictions?? Pick A Card??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mQZa1nJj5k

??LEO JUNE 2020 PREDICTIONS ??TAROT CARD READING ?? LOVE ??MONEY ??HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFFVWsr0VGo

??LIBRA JUNE 2020 PREDICTIONS ??TAROT CARD READING??  LOVE ????MONEY ??HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZQINtezufM

??PISCES JUNE 2020 PREDICTIONS ??TAROT CARD READING ?? LOVE ??MONEY ??HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=144rgnDccxc

??SAGITTARIUS JUNE 2020 PREDICTIONS?? TAROT CARD READING??  LOVE ??MONEY ??HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hSF9Ilb0KRU

??SCORPIO JUNE 2020 PREDICTIONS ??TAROT CARD READING  ??LOVE MONEY ??HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=668UC-d56UU

??TAURUS JUNE 2020 PREDICTIONS ??TAROT CARD READING ?? LOVE MONEY ??HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tSoIk61mVUs

??VIRGO JUNE 2020 PREDICTIONS ??TAROT CARD READING  ??LOVE MONEY ??HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxJVfb5ZmTU

??Weekly Oracle Card Reading July 27-August 2, 2020?? Pick A Card 1-2-3?? General Reading??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=du_CKCmnIKo

??ARIES AUGUST 2020 TAROT CARD READING PREDICTIONS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFfOZoe8AJ4

??CANCER AUGUST 2020 TAROT CARD READING PREDICTIONS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4Gslo4_SKw

??GEMINI AUGUST 2020 TAROT CARD READING PREDICTIONS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usK9kO3e0N0

??LEO AUGUST 2020 TAROT CARD READING PREDICTIONS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Gaeuc3oVZE

??MAY 2021 PREDICTIONS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Le2zBsLW808

??SCORPIO AUGUST 2020 TAROT CARD READING PREDICTIONS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykuVz9bynmA

??TAURUS AUGUST 2020 TAROT CARD READING PREDICTIONS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqgIx48hBw8

??VIRGO AUGUST 2020 TAROT CARD READING PREDICTIONS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4aEv-QKRdJo

?? JUNE 2020 PREDICTIONS ?? PICK A CARD??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lSv0e_mRRc

??AIRES MAY 2020 PREDICTIONS ??TAROT CARD READING ?? LOVE ??MONEY ?? HEALTH
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDlosEPiS8E

??Aires May 2021 Tarot Card Reading ??Walking Away To Follow Your Dreams??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czOUk4SOIUQ

??AQUARIUS  MAY 2020 PREDICTIONS ??TAROT CARD READING ?? LOVE?? MONEY?? HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oveo3XUxjFg

??Aquarius May 2021 Tarot Card Reading?? Unwarranted Fears Let It Go??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_RbyHzDugEo

??AUGUST 2020 CHANNELED PREDICTIONS?? PICK A CARD ??WHAT DOES AUGUST HOLD FOR ME??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NiMEEnVQ1qM

??CANCER MAY 2020 PREDICTIONS ??TAROT CARD READING??  LOVE ??MONEY ??HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FfwxpK7Ik_I

??Cancer May 2021 Tarot Card Reading?? Uncovering Treasures Keep Going??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7dQcZyMEIg

??CAPRICORN MAY 2020 PREDICTIONS ??TAROT CARD READING ?? LOVE?? MONEY ??HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4V5ogMshoIA

??GEMINI MAY 2020 PREDICTIONS?? TAROT CARD READING ?? LOVE ??MONEY ??HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnzy3tpvDik

??Gemini May 2021 Tarot Card Reading ??Victory in the End??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qPbdyw-D-HI

??JULY 2020 PREDICTIONS  ??PICK A CARD WHAT DOES JULY 2020 HOLD FOR ME ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mF1O_7IZQOw

??LEO MAY 2020 PREDICTIONS?? TAROT CARD READING ??  LOVE?? MONEY?? HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DBuQETpKBKI

??Leo May 2021 Tarot Card Reading ??Chaos ??Make Changes Follow Your Bliss??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdBsZ7DRz2I

??LIBRA MAY 2020 PREDICTIONS?? TAROT CARD READING ?? LOVE ??MONEY ??HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQmvu0p_gsM

??Libra May 2021 Tarot Card Reading ??Success Expansion in Your Life??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3sZtkVMEK8

??MAY 2020 PREDICTIONS ??PICK A CARD??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rY8WyRohJ9I

??Oracle Card Reading May 24-31, 2021?? Pick A Card??General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKrnmhmt4l0

??PISCES MAY 2020 PREDICTIONS ??TAROT CARD READING??  LOVE ??MONEY?? HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bDAY5IP_iPQ

??Pisces May 2021 Tarot Card Reading ??Everything Is Smooth Sailing??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2RtioIP3XU

??SAGITTARIUS MAY 2020 PREDICTIONS?? TAROT CARD READING ?? LOVE?? MONEY ??HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQ5WYMUjJq8

??Sagittarius May 2021 Tarot Card Reading?? Plotting Revenge Don't Do It??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99kFpPSqRac

??SCORPIO MAY 2020 PREDICTIONS?? TAROT CARD READING ?? LOVE?? MONEY ??HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJeIDjzsjrA

??Scorpio May 2021 Tarot Card Reading ??Time of Healing & Releasing??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HnUxG7i7m-A

??TAURUS MAY 2020 PREDICTIONS ??TAROT CARD READING ?? LOVE ??MONEY?? HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qBbxEALIsZU

??Taurus May 2021 Tarot Card Reading?? Ending & A New Beginning??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5QGENry0-x8

??VIRGO  MAY 2020 PREDICTIONS?? TAROT CARD READING  ??LOVE?? MONEY ??HEALTH??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oo_L2zMkGCs

??Virgo May 2021 Tarot Reading?? Embracing Enthusiasm??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aTn4G5efFu4

???? APRIL 2020 PREDICTIONS ???? PICK A CARD????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxiFNhK8VXs

?? LIVE  Oracle Card Reading Nov. 4-10, 2019 ?? Pick A Card 1-2-3 ?? General Reading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6u7hCSPpcHY

??THE LION'S GATE PORTAL ACTIVATION 2020??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAg3HHkdKxU

?????LEGAL MATTERS AND COURT CASES IN NEAR FUTURE ?????WHAT IS THE OUTCOME?????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfh-LZAa0DQ

??PISCES AUGUST 2020 TAROT CARD READING PREDICTIONS??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJWGnIPuwSI
Spiritual Magic Journey - Videos