
Weekend Drive v0.04d - Battle Nazilla from the Sky
https://youtu.be/3otczSxVhmI

[29] Game Manager Master - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/Pd80uJEfdE4

[30] Game Manager Pause Toggle - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/PmX5UM0PyF8

[31] Game Manager Toggle Menu - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/wVS9aGvrFwY

[32] Menu UI - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/zyLGWk0C1DY

[33] Game Manager Toggle Player - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/x_6R7InDHp4

[34] Game Manager Toggle Cursor - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/L-xG2JxW-hY

[35] Game Manager References - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/3tJLu-mk_Ro

[36] Game Manager Toggle Inventory UI - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/pSNT2kJIQUg

[37] Inventory UI - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/MUgbRd27Ox0

[38] Main Menu - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/dowN8b-JEgk

[39] Game Manager Go To Menu Scene - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/FwAWMQ7Fi6k

[40] Game Manager Restart Level - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/4YQV-46S_UI

[41] Game Manager Game Over - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/9z7_tlX8OTg

[42] Script Template - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/jwAt1HM8EeQ

[43] Panel Instructions UI - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/CgGAyZvj0uY

[44] Game Manager Panel Instructions - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/LKtckumarE8

[45] Intro To Chapter 3 - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/zLv58hYpu_Q

[46] Player Master - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/baB1_Qjs3ys

[47] Player Health - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/5u56VBP4n1Y

[48] Canvas Health - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/9fIeCLocDNc

[49] Player Canvas Hurt - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/vvh4TTKZvfU

[50] Canvas Hurt - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/r5H1BNcK6WI

[51] Player Detect Item - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/E75RPX7RW1o

[52] Player Ammo Box - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/QwyLo6nFEUA
Videos 226-250