
#JPA & #Hibernate 5 Common Hibernate Mistakes That Cause Dozens of Unexpected Queries
https://youtu.be/DDpV3iJITnA&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

5 JPA Features That Are Easier To Use with Spring Data JPA
https://youtu.be/fW6_hY1GXAI&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

5 Primary Key Mappings Every Developer Should Know with JPA & Hibernate
https://youtu.be/xqHUxn36Y4k&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

5 Things Beginners Need to Know Before Using JPA  Hibernate EclipseLink
https://youtu.be/WtllKZh-nbY&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Access Strategies in JPA and Hibernateâ€“ Which is better, field or property access
https://youtu.be/3RGw86dQnBE&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Advanced Queries 11 JPA & Hibernate query hints every developer should know
https://youtu.be/6NH8icjPCgY&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Best Practices for Many-to-Many Associations with  Hibernate & JPA
https://youtu.be/808pWqjuhMo&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Composition vs. Inheritance with JPA and Hibernate
https://youtu.be/HnlzTLRJt6c&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Getting started with Hibernate
https://youtu.be/6TPDK6MOkz4&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Hibernate and JPA Working with Fluent Entities
https://youtu.be/UgX529R0NFQ&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Hibernate How to Implement a Custom, Sequence-Based ID Generator
https://youtu.be/rvaAx7r8lVY&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

How to Parse a String into an EntityGraph with Hibernate 5.4
https://youtu.be/jJl71UsChdM&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Implementing the Repository pattern with JPA and Hibernate
https://youtu.be/LRJz0mHPfSc&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Lazily load non-relational attributes in a portable way with JPA & Hibernate
https://youtu.be/Rd3vxo_dM7Q&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Localized Data How to Map It With Hibernate
https://youtu.be/Xukv8rnnc8Y&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Mapping BLOBs & CLOBs with JPA and Hibernate
https://youtu.be/uZXfZZ59cjU&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Microservices & Data Implementing the Outbox Pattern with Hibernate
https://youtu.be/cY50MlUuun0&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Old Advanced Queries 11 JPA & Hibernate query hints every developer should know Old
https://youtu.be/8TkrIS9crHs&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Private video
https://youtu.be/WdRMHWKcugQ&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Spring Data JPA Ultimate Guide to Custom Queries with @Query Annotation
https://youtu.be/2SV7QODVHAE&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Spring Data JPA What is it And Why Should You Use It
https://youtu.be/x67yiTHxn00&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

The Builder Pattern How to use it with Hibernate
https://youtu.be/z0160iYN1Yo&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Ultimate Guide Derived Queries with Spring Data JPA
https://youtu.be/GVeY08vUiPE&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Ultimate Guide to Implementing Equals & HashCode with Hibernate & JPA
https://youtu.be/YoF3RcxbVQ4&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT

Using jOOQ with Hibernate A Match Made in Heaven
https://youtu.be/2LH_miNH7h0&list=PL50BZOuKafAahDc-crUwcEEJ9Ae7b0AzT
Videos 76-100