
A dozen cool things we can do with popular JVM Languages - Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/RdVSs7DquFc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

A mobile-first approach to 3DSecure today - Alina Denisenko
https://youtu.be/WQi7iA12HSE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Asynchronous programming with Kotlin coroutines - Konrad Kamiński
https://youtu.be/VZarhLyGPrs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Back to the CompletableFuture Concurrency in Action - Dmitry Vinnik
https://youtu.be/husm8xMJ2So&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Building Distributed Systems in Distributed Teams - Philipp Krenn
https://youtu.be/--6JU-hgvZ4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Contract Tests in the Enterprise Conference - Marcin Grzejszczak
https://youtu.be/ZyHG-VOzPZg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

CQRS and EventSourcing with Spring & Axon - Nakul Mishra
https://youtu.be/hkJ29ER1EZU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Creating secure software - benefits from cloud thinking - Daniel Deogun Daniel Sawano
https://youtu.be/16vlxmYxED0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Don't be a trojan - Brian Vermeer
https://youtu.be/xsBWwcbl46A&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

From 6 Month Waterfall To 1h Code Deploys - Andreas Grabner
https://youtu.be/G2Tc-bxEe8w&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

From availability & reliability to chaos engineering - why breaking things... - Adrian Hornsby
https://youtu.be/4FuCTXgufQg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

How to introduce 3 year old to the world of Computers - Vladimir Dejanovic
https://youtu.be/Dugdjo2eNW4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Improving your Test Driven Development in 45 minutes - Jakub Nabrdalik
https://youtu.be/2vEoL3Irgiw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Innovation without asking permission - Bart Blommaerts
https://youtu.be/DjFfQ5_KCHI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Introduction to Kotlin - Grzegorz Dyrda
https://youtu.be/r_J76xUH5Zw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Is Quantum Computing Really a Thing - James Birnie
https://youtu.be/VAz8cl307oA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Lost in transaction Strategies to deal with (in-)consistency in modern arch... - Bernd Ruecker
https://youtu.be/8KgTB75VePo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Metrics driven architecture - Jakub Kubrynski
https://youtu.be/qjN8qENkKPQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Microservices in action at the Dutch National Police - Bert Jan Schrijver
https://youtu.be/XdzWHHPSUoY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Modules or Microservices - Sander Mak
https://youtu.be/AJW2FAJGgVw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Moving from client side rendering to server side rendering - Noam Almog
https://youtu.be/OSLi2k6A6kU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

NLP in Feedback Analysis - Yue Ning
https://youtu.be/V8mCS1XHyTI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

NoSQL Means No Security - Philipp Krenn
https://youtu.be/WVeO_9MuFiY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

Where Does the Real World End - The Blurring of the Physical and Digital - Rebecca Parsons
https://youtu.be/Y8fzeDH1fOo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc

“Zero code” systems - hopes, myths and reality - Maciej Próchniak
https://youtu.be/BLsEQSQgR2w&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrSMm9aK4juBQz9AyU_rakc
Videos 26-50