
Python Basics 0 == False and 1 == True
https://youtu.be/nn46zvj_51c&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics BackSlash or Forward Slash
https://youtu.be/LlupiOrzXP0&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Better Than Average Full
https://youtu.be/61BSiv3w2bg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Boolean Shortcut
https://youtu.be/1GbxvOz0ePc&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Built in Functions
https://youtu.be/OxcupdYlBpw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Comment Un-comment Code
https://youtu.be/lK9ACfKkTAc&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Doc String
https://youtu.be/aCswFZ0L-Fg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Double Underscore
https://youtu.be/Rg-o1_Rp_NM&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Escape Character
https://youtu.be/DEyiY-8iwEw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Fibonacci Numbers
https://youtu.be/8WKl8qDzJA4&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Help Prompt
https://youtu.be/kSPq9Sciskg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics How to Assign Multiple and Reassignments Variables
https://youtu.be/UuRtHeNghdY&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics How to Install Pip  Path Set-up
https://youtu.be/uye8FL1H0cE&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Iter Splat Trick
https://youtu.be/3TNUJP6xt38&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics More With Dir Function
https://youtu.be/7kIMr_FACpg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Nested Functions
https://youtu.be/oFbVxObOyEc&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Numpy and Random Tricks
https://youtu.be/HeWms5qZY8g&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Packing and Unpacking
https://youtu.be/ElK1sCg79zo&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Print 3 Challenge
https://youtu.be/LXTIrFpQA-8&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Return Dead Code
https://youtu.be/d6aCpA9sr7E&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Return or In Place
https://youtu.be/RmdHJvRmv-g&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics SyntaxError
https://youtu.be/4JpAIrwDVmo&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Variable Rules
https://youtu.be/kE2rIrKILE4&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics When you are stuck
https://youtu.be/6sqAF28XZGc&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT

Python Basics Zen of Python
https://youtu.be/s_fAZJbv8OE&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMqrJTtR6Ymk3NXGKYBhSRT
Videos 1-25