
Automatic Tuning of Multi-Loop DC Motor Controller
https://youtu.be/m42fJ0xr5JQ&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Displaying Flight Trajectory Data
https://youtu.be/fd_7RWtHCf8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Estimating DC Motor Parameters
https://youtu.be/AUtfvXtz12Y&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Fuzzy Logic Controller in Simulink
https://youtu.be/Z12oK07oFA4&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

How to Build Bode Plots for Complex Systems  Understanding Bode Plots, Part 4
https://youtu.be/MQjdeGNZ4mY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

How to Build Bode Plots for Simple Systems  Understanding Bode Plots, Part 3
https://youtu.be/ums33HwVYyw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Modeling HL-20 Vehicle
https://youtu.be/MRd79B1GkIA&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Online Fault Detection for a DC Motor
https://youtu.be/znmIL8cW4C8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Online Parameter Estimation with Simulink
https://youtu.be/ThIqNvjPYd0&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

PID Controller Tuning Based on Measured Input Output Data
https://youtu.be/_JlsWX5TH50&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

PID Controller Tuning for a Model with Discontinuities
https://youtu.be/TlaION68WAg&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

State Space Models, Part 1 Creation and Analysis
https://youtu.be/wXzlhUzhqao&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

State Space Models, Part 2 Control Design
https://youtu.be/RC7_nRZKGgE&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Transfer Functions in MATLAB
https://youtu.be/7-IsUm0hDMg&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Using Bode Plots, Part 1 Closed-Loop Systems
https://youtu.be/qa02gTTSpVk&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Using Bode Plots, Part 2 Open Loop Shaping
https://youtu.be/BlS6SwvuiVk&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Using Bode Plots, Part 3 Phase and Gain Margins
https://youtu.be/9POY47JXIWo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Using Bode Plots, Part 4 Lead, Lag, PID Controllers
https://youtu.be/Ap8z05aZwYk&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Using Bode Plots, Part 5 DC Motor Control Example
https://youtu.be/13HGR4YB2yU&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

What Are Bode Plots  Understanding Bode Plots, Part 2
https://youtu.be/COzQwkeu8Ek&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7

Why Use Bode Plots  Understanding Bode Plots, Part 1
https://youtu.be/F6-EaZobHNk&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qqzGklWmIZVEbaNAy4GdQ7
Videos 26-46