
Episode #154 - Service Objects for API Interactions with Twilio
https://youtu.be/SSegXmqdlFQ&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #158 - Grab Bag of Ruby and Ruby on Rails Tricks
https://youtu.be/AZGOzb1Y5U8&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #162 - Creating a Simple Slack Bot
https://youtu.be/CuQJhpzO5WY&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #167 - Using Action Text in a Rails 5.2 Application
https://youtu.be/R6G_0A0picg&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #171 - What the RegEx
https://youtu.be/pP79v6zcEP8&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #175 - What's New in Rails 6
https://youtu.be/hE-ruL0_bxc&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #177 - Interview with Jesus Castello
https://youtu.be/wJPKYdWPFs8&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #181 - Introduction to Kubernetes
https://youtu.be/cNLJTuTGn3k&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #183 - Interview Frank Rietta
https://youtu.be/GrLArW82R0Q&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #186 - Nested Forms from Scratch with StimulusJS
https://youtu.be/qM4ZK0uuZUE&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #188 - Interview with Riaz Virani
https://youtu.be/yCJLMcY-iiw&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #191 - Inline Editing Records
https://youtu.be/DPivelvL6Gg&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #194 - Teaching at Bootcamps with Ed Toro  Interview
https://youtu.be/b95T9HyBxTs&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #197 - Introduction to DragonRuby
https://youtu.be/-l4QB40qfSU&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #201 - Working with Large Data
https://youtu.be/a6SqOU7l2X8&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #205 - Push Notifications with ActionCable
https://youtu.be/PaJB2tZdSII&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #210 - Rails Tips and Tricks
https://youtu.be/avXZi9Zrb0o&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #214 - Plugging in AnyCable
https://youtu.be/0cKtKxKzu68&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #218 - From jQuery to ES6
https://youtu.be/MJ8KWq494no&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #223 - Like Relationships and Global ID
https://youtu.be/-xYnskP1ZA8&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #227 - Emojis from Scratch
https://youtu.be/qn8f-J_KJXs&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #231 - Syntax Highlighting with Action Text
https://youtu.be/p7mAQNUkxGo&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #236 - Google Maps API with StimulusJS
https://youtu.be/UtgwdLiJ5hA&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #240 - Contributing to a Gem
https://youtu.be/Q6uqYx8Cn8k&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP

Episode #245 - Tracking Changes on Action Text
https://youtu.be/LTYhP2mdCpY&list=PLoQwKu-bfLSYRKLgzfhhiBlxDOigUFySP
Videos 26-50