
7 Tips to Pimp Your Git History by Roland Weisleder
https://youtu.be/prlYwbCHTdE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Apache Pulsar 101 architecture, concepts & benchmarks by Quentin Adam & Steven Le Roux
https://youtu.be/De6avNyQUMw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Clean Code The Next Chapter by Victor Rentea
https://youtu.be/wY_CUkU1zfw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Collections Corner Cases by Stuart Marks
https://youtu.be/OXdm5BzQ8mI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Config. management for programmers how to set up virtual machines the easy way by Corina Stratan
https://youtu.be/5TpooDODnIs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Developing (on) for the Edge by Eric Cattoir & Dennis Lauwers
https://youtu.be/CCWbVjVqH20&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Exploring Collectors by Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/pGroX3gmeP8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Gradle Ex Machina by Andres Almiray
https://youtu.be/rNtpJ47WDSs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Is there anybody out there by Manuel Bernhardt
https://youtu.be/5GkQqfckEU8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Java on ARM. Theory, Applications and Workloads by Dmitry Chuyko
https://youtu.be/JjhwqqmznBU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Kubernetes First Continuous Delivery for Developers by Joost van der Griendt
https://youtu.be/CyZklExpEd4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Modern web with Web Components and Java by Leif Åstrand
https://youtu.be/0sr9-CqbyS0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Observing chaos how distributed tracing brings observability to a service mess  Juraci Paixão Krö
https://youtu.be/FJ_YuUgIt8E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Predictive Testing by Herminio Vazquez
https://youtu.be/DN4SHJ_NBU0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Productivity tools you should know about if you want to have a focused learning path Stijn Vanpouck
https://youtu.be/yWcLv5ShicU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Quarkus why, how and what by Emmanuel Bernard
https://youtu.be/SQDR34KoC-8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Running Spring Boot applications as GraalVM native images  by Sébastien Deleuze
https://youtu.be/3eoAxphAUIg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Secure your Quarkus Applications by Sebastien Blanc
https://youtu.be/tWHdkpVagXA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Securing hybrid cloud environments by Hendrik Albrecht
https://youtu.be/MZEfAh4ePFs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

The Sincerest Form of Flattery by José Paumard & Maurice Naftalin
https://youtu.be/5QtpWDuFHiM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Top Tips for Terrible Tech Talks by Chet Haase
https://youtu.be/DtP9jjQJjt8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Toward Software Quality Perfektion by Romain Guy & Chet Haase
https://youtu.be/AsQVdhWTCdc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Understanding Low Latency JVM GCs by Jean Philippe Bempel
https://youtu.be/MU8NapbG1IQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Understanding What Artificial Intelligence Actually Sees by Nick Bourdakos
https://youtu.be/JNlLvG3q2rc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

What's coming in Scala 3 by Josh Suereth & James Ward
https://youtu.be/Nv-BzYOMiWY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q
Videos 126-150