
avc Geospatial data science and analysis using ArcGIS API for Python
https://youtu.be/vu78bemil3o&list=PL6GW05BfqWIebMtGTSzrafZi2HWORxzu0

Boosting Python Web Applications with Protocol Buffers and GRPC
https://youtu.be/Zgkq3KdC2vE&list=PL6GW05BfqWIebMtGTSzrafZi2HWORxzu0

Building microservices with firefly
https://youtu.be/ih4tm6jE0Pc&list=PL6GW05BfqWIebMtGTSzrafZi2HWORxzu0

Building single page javascript apps with Django, Graphql, Relay and React!
https://youtu.be/FLPeOs6owec&list=PL6GW05BfqWIebMtGTSzrafZi2HWORxzu0

Clean Architecture Applications in Python
https://youtu.be/p1D-jM4ca2w&list=PL6GW05BfqWIebMtGTSzrafZi2HWORxzu0

Django on Steroids    Building Applications at Web Scale
https://youtu.be/rmoErFEN-eg&list=PL6GW05BfqWIebMtGTSzrafZi2HWORxzu0

Getting Started with Embedded Python MicroPython and CircuitPython
https://youtu.be/BuJ3j3wohrw&list=PL6GW05BfqWIebMtGTSzrafZi2HWORxzu0

How import works in Python
https://youtu.be/-mL5WBMseD4&list=PL6GW05BfqWIebMtGTSzrafZi2HWORxzu0

How is   metaclass  used in real life
https://youtu.be/tvaEyEPjWes&list=PL6GW05BfqWIebMtGTSzrafZi2HWORxzu0

How to Boost your Tensorflow model inference performance using Asyncio
https://youtu.be/F9AAZqtViiI&list=PL6GW05BfqWIebMtGTSzrafZi2HWORxzu0

HTTP Bottom Up   Live!
https://youtu.be/Gzvn1Zwj9Sk&list=PL6GW05BfqWIebMtGTSzrafZi2HWORxzu0

Keynote - Python And Data Past, Present And Future By Peter Wang
https://youtu.be/E8MSxcfqZSA&list=PL6GW05BfqWIebMtGTSzrafZi2HWORxzu0

Liberating tabular data from the clutches of PDFs
https://youtu.be/nVrNt97Bv9Y&list=PL6GW05BfqWIebMtGTSzrafZi2HWORxzu0

Machine learning & NLP at Goibibo Keytopic extraction and contextual sentiment analysis of 20 millio
https://youtu.be/UWqfUa39cHM&list=PL6GW05BfqWIebMtGTSzrafZi2HWORxzu0

Making Of NextGen Fintech Insights From Visible Alpha Tech Stack
https://youtu.be/to78eaSyaGM&list=PL6GW05BfqWIebMtGTSzrafZi2HWORxzu0

Mentoring   keynote   Noufal Ibrahim
https://youtu.be/-3O19k_-cQM&list=PL6GW05BfqWIebMtGTSzrafZi2HWORxzu0

OLMONK  Data validation package
https://youtu.be/46F8BW_mYS4&list=PL6GW05BfqWIebMtGTSzrafZi2HWORxzu0

Panel discussion  Women in Open source
https://youtu.be/vwKi3S0FD5w&list=PL6GW05BfqWIebMtGTSzrafZi2HWORxzu0

PyBeacon Eddystone Protocol implementation in Python
https://youtu.be/mZVqUJucu74&list=PL6GW05BfqWIebMtGTSzrafZi2HWORxzu0

python community principle   keynote   Elizabeth Ferrao
https://youtu.be/5sG9c4lb3n0&list=PL6GW05BfqWIebMtGTSzrafZi2HWORxzu0

Reducing dead code ratio of your project with vulture
https://youtu.be/sxw58WJpWKg&list=PL6GW05BfqWIebMtGTSzrafZi2HWORxzu0

Spinning local DNS server sourcing responses over HTTPS to combat Man in the middle attack
https://youtu.be/JIsjTpFDM5w&list=PL6GW05BfqWIebMtGTSzrafZi2HWORxzu0

tools to define Machine Learning
https://youtu.be/ih8XoeZxVJ4&list=PL6GW05BfqWIebMtGTSzrafZi2HWORxzu0

Using Python and microservices to fuel WebPush at Mozilla
https://youtu.be/73vyvoJW5G8&list=PL6GW05BfqWIebMtGTSzrafZi2HWORxzu0
PyCon India 2017