
A Buddhist Lesson On Controlling Your Cravings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1oloc5LUGVY

A Buddhist Monk ~ Handling Greed, Attachment And Fear With Mindfulness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5ynP86qgpA

Daavid R Hawkins ~ Can We  Make Sudden Jumps In Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVEeoUSQ3Ho

David Hawkins - My Experience With Camels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4b7BGWYIvPk

David Hawkins ~ Connecting With Your Higher Self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUcMGqqlJtg

David Hawkins ~ The Difference Between Pain & Suffering
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zfyjTEe2nBI

David Hawkins ~ The Power Of The Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPCyPevr-ts

David Hawkins ~ The Universe Is Constantly Expanding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5tU2FFG6Bs

David Hawkins ~ What Is Karma
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WOlFAAALsBw

David R  Hawkins  ~ Instant Realization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jP__TwBboN0

David R  Hawkins  ~ Love The Ultimate Solution To End Suffering
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dCQmuDVWPM

David R  Hawkins ~ All Life Benefits By Your Commitment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVDza9ItvSI

David R  Hawkins ~ Angels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLylQ5ueChA

David R  Hawkins ~ Becoming Emotional
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=laCEXSvC0gM

David R  Hawkins ~ Can You Bless Us With An Ohm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=as6eG_6OUfM

David R  Hawkins ~ Constantly Judging Myself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I2k8l488aW0

David R  Hawkins ~ Enlightenment Is 1000 Times More Likely Today
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFrbff-7y5I

David R  Hawkins ~ Every Human Has Guardian Angels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_i_SRGh3YOk

David R  Hawkins ~ Every Loss Is A Gain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Trun1mpgwgY

David R  Hawkins ~ Everything I Overcome Within Myself , Serves The World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwgjXIb6Gbk

David R  Hawkins ~ Fixity Of Purpose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=By8stA8Co4U

David R  Hawkins ~ Handling Fear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-1wFqGmQlQ

David R  Hawkins ~ Having Fun In Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ICYwtKexAmU

David R  Hawkins ~ How Can I Deal With This Anger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNXJJ1Uam9A

David R  Hawkins ~ How Can We Handle Doubt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gksmYE8pu_s

David R  Hawkins ~ How Do We Find God
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3y0bOiu5xkI

David R  Hawkins ~ How Do You Forgive A Past Experience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_jWdQIGu5Ik

David R  Hawkins ~ How Do You Hold A Thought In Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mnoqeL9ONo

David R  Hawkins ~ How Much Suffering Does It Take To Undo An Error
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNBylXBPnLQ

David R  Hawkins ~ How Society Feels About Your Feelings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SLZY7HMCe14

David R  Hawkins ~ How To Be The Steward Of Your Gift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1kMfnY1iBKI

David R  Hawkins ~ How To Become What You Seek
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0BOXGv50Dw

David R  Hawkins ~ How To Develop Patience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=orW_hfuYrBI

David R  Hawkins ~ How To Get Under Any Fear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDwmJDky6NY

David R  Hawkins ~ Is Astrology Necessary In This Spiritual Journey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9HiDEIjn0gI

David R  Hawkins ~ Is Earth The Only Human Physical Planetary Habitat At This Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C7nAbm3nWY0

David R  Hawkins ~ Jesus Or Buddha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IebNBNwuF-I

David R  Hawkins ~ Just Hold It In Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwwkJLEAR88

David R  Hawkins ~ Life Is THAT Simple ,Just Be It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43oXgJsMtfg

David R  Hawkins ~ My Last Visit With The Dr  And( Willie)  The Dumb Self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LSShujv_cQM

David R  Hawkins ~ Positionalities, The Necessity To Be Right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmscldJzans

David R  Hawkins ~ Practical Steps In The Practice Of Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jUHxfzoyzgs

David R  Hawkins ~ Releasing Control
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UanRWIK6Qvk

David R  Hawkins ~ Simple Meditation Practices
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wcHkSRdKuA

David R  Hawkins ~ Stop Looking For Help, You Already Have it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwYodWhXnuk

David R  Hawkins ~ Subjectivity & Objectivity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PEx5JmnvsGk

David R  Hawkins ~ The Dark Night Of The Soul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HP96RRK6ZR4

David R  Hawkins ~ The Lord`s Prayer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRVjgH5wYhQ

David R  Hawkins ~ The Monkey Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnNBfo5wVnA

David R  Hawkins ~ The Monroe Institute
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTF_JVcPNdM

David R  Hawkins ~ The Narcissistic Ego
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uU_YdRqn8gg

David R  Hawkins ~ The Payoff Of Playing Victim
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCVZUdxg-vE

David R  Hawkins ~ The Power Of Integrity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XSD1z3EZFog

David R  Hawkins ~ The Power Of Touch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfw4YcGFU00

David R  Hawkins ~ This Is A Purgatorial Realm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aw6NO9zMfs

David R  Hawkins ~ Using Contemplation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGPd9zJ54l0

David R  Hawkins ~ Using Humor To Learn About Ourselves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2eEtB6bFznA

David R  Hawkins ~ What Already Exist On Every Human
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dn-JsNLy-Pk

David R  Hawkins ~ What Are We Responsible For
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70F6XppDPWY

David R  Hawkins ~ What Is Faith
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQ-cSrHqp9s

David R  Hawkins ~ What Is The Best Way To God
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ceHpthbNB8

David R  Hawkins ~ What Is The Spiritual Soul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgKRl2f5b6g

David R  Hawkins ~ What Is The Straight & Narrow Path
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WyS8FjsQOXg

David R  Hawkins ~ What Is True Humility
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P3ZNE9wry8o

David R  Hawkins ~ What Should We Focus On Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmecddyeKEU

David R  Hawkins ~ Why Do We Experience Pain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28fuXgkVFRc

David R  Hawkins ~ Words Of Wisdom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXAWDtL2uLk

David R  Hawkins ~ You Always Had The Power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OjEPtOVS9M

David R  Hawkins ~ You Can Trick The Ego Into Surrendering
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nkfa-Mjgh7U

David R  Hawkins ~ You Create The World In Your Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4HRrL1NYxY

David R  Hawkins ~ You Create Your Purpose On Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqyaLXQykSo

David R  Hawkins ~ Your Dedication Will Win In The End
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRQKASQPQxA

David R Hawkins  ~ Compassion Without Attacthment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5iZcT32KWs

David R Hawkins - Is Celibacy Necessary To Transcend A Level
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b05OvhoVuK8

David R Hawkins On The Basics Of Kinesiology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMR_n2XviXw

David R Hawkins ~ 30 Virgins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Acc0a_uqtQ

David R Hawkins ~ Any Experience Can Be Heal With Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FfFRGRgbuw

David R Hawkins ~ Becoming The Observer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLB3koARzGk

David R Hawkins ~ Dealing With Karmic Patterns
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OP3bwpu5mjk

David R Hawkins ~ Declaration Of Intentions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9FKpOwndXis

David R Hawkins ~ Difference Between Intelligence & Wisdom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YxwQmOBT9P0

David R Hawkins ~ Divinity Expressing Through You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taPcadhP2S0

David R Hawkins ~ Egocentricity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVUhQTyRmAM

David R Hawkins ~ Emotional Honesty, Surrendering The Ego
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GyLN3PIvKz0

David R Hawkins ~ Every Instant Is A New Opportunity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AHVpbhKV8c

David R Hawkins ~ Everyone Has All The Information Needed , Apply It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0RftQIv8_w0

David R Hawkins ~ Everyone Is Here By Their Own Agreement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHt3uesaT74

David R Hawkins ~ Everything That Exists Has Its Own intrinsic Beauty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbws7hjFfxo

David R Hawkins ~ Exclusive Radio Interview On Simple Steps To Improve Your Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q1zCXaFtDuA

David R Hawkins ~ Experiencing The Death Of The Ego
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTrNxi6e734

David R Hawkins ~ Forget The Past , It`s An Illusion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=184L-jYkchg

David R Hawkins ~ Giving Away His Level Of Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L64zRkVySoA

David R Hawkins ~ Hidden Attachments Of Control
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7U53vR__aOw

David R Hawkins ~ How  To Clean Up Your Negative Karma
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ICyjwWBSmMI

David R Hawkins ~ How Can We Handle Boredom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01U-Bh8M5Qk

David R Hawkins ~ How Can We Train The Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FISIqIVXXU

David R Hawkins ~ How Do I Know That I Exist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5K4lPGiwayc

David R Hawkins ~ How Do We Increase Trust In The Spiritual Will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_ednDGuqdU

David R Hawkins ~ How Does One Surrender
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7tLPST7Q80

David R Hawkins ~ How To Advance Spiritually
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4I9vHUQSL9o

David R Hawkins ~ How To Apply Humility To A  Daily Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8YhxjI5Ix8

David R Hawkins ~ How To Avoid Being Program
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBoBEHX3cHw

David R Hawkins ~ How To Be One With This Journey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eI7U2VRdCs8

David R Hawkins ~ How To Catch The Mind Before It Creates A Judgement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k02xvVCM5N4

David R Hawkins ~ How To Change Your Awareness Through Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vydsuhnqSY

David R Hawkins ~ How To Deal With Lust
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AFbdlyBH0kE

David R Hawkins ~ How To Keep Your Integrity While Dealing With The World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5k6W0ySjmsc

David R Hawkins ~ How To Lose Weight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MazN4wkLGSg

David R Hawkins ~ How To Reach Higher Levels Of Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DkGiEAjZLI0

David R Hawkins ~ How To Reach To Thee Oh Lord Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XMnLUpiJM80

David R Hawkins ~ How To See The Reality Of Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qAA0Vj0mIBo

David R Hawkins ~ How To Use Meditation For Mindfullness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9642w_b57Y

David R Hawkins ~ How To Use The Map Of Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9BIqiCEfLQ

David R Hawkins ~ Is It Beneficial To Become Vegetarian
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-a1yBTd4epw

David R Hawkins ~ Keeping Your Integrity In Business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVIv94csqJM

David R Hawkins ~ Letting Go Attachments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OvbwNkYIoIM

David R Hawkins ~ Nothing Happens By Accident
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rO2qaxsPUOo

David R Hawkins ~ Overcoming Depression
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8MqD0-tAPY

David R Hawkins ~ Overcoming Guilt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gCthP6CbMQ

David R Hawkins ~ Own Your Downside
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYkUqrYdRmo

David R Hawkins ~ Perception On Relatinships
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQGoZTGVeho

David R Hawkins ~ Personal Free Will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZOxkjyN_tqM

David R Hawkins ~ Personal Privacy (You Don`t Have Any)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPusazkpN9s

David R Hawkins ~ Power Of Intentions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUsGVzl-JrM

David R Hawkins ~ Principles Of A Spiritual Teacher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-_wz-61Dps

David R Hawkins ~ Reality TV
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TR-9vGKFVWw

David R Hawkins ~ Sigmund Freud Impact On Society
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeTHS7dV-b8

David R Hawkins ~ Simple Steps To Get Through Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KR-FU4IFWfo

David R Hawkins ~ So What Solution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yHG-7kdM_no

David R Hawkins ~ Spiritual Dedication Vs Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ByMTz1upnKs

David R Hawkins ~ Spiritual Learning Comes Free
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KFivcGzdUuU

David R Hawkins ~ Surrender All Your Illusions.......
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Q_fJS9AzkA

David R Hawkins ~ Surrender To The Silence Within You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rp768FFGcIo

David R Hawkins ~ Surrendering Belief System
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXDL6hxZ_Bs

David R Hawkins ~ Surrendering Fear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTkIE2e8r7U

David R Hawkins ~ Thank You David R Hawkins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byMCY4Sq2Eg

David R Hawkins ~ The Addiction To Experiences
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rvxru-uaM_c

David R Hawkins ~ The Benefits Of Being Honest With Yourself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7cFwtfpYXg

David R Hawkins ~ The Consequences Of lying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azyaZ_Wdrds

David R Hawkins ~ The Difference Between Power Vs Force
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HUM8S7SASFw

David R Hawkins ~ The Guilt Of Enlightenment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6o62stTvEa4

David R Hawkins ~ The Intention Of The Buddha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JjILiMRaKAM

David R Hawkins ~ The Judge Of Suffering
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIIWIgDAjkc

David R Hawkins ~ The Law Of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6S9sTmJkFxI

David R Hawkins ~ The Layers Of Fear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqDnxzndIDo

David R Hawkins ~ The Light Of God
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INHTDj0VqX0

David R Hawkins ~ The Past And The Future
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KX5eAg4sxvc

David R Hawkins ~ The Power Of Intentions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjWywkHb1ag

David R Hawkins ~ The Purpose Of The Ego
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rieIH_bc0yQ

David R Hawkins ~ The Relationship Between Mind And Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvMOUgg8LVY

David R Hawkins ~ The Role Of Students On The Path
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSGDYvqCuRM

David R Hawkins ~ The Satisfaction From Suffering
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcpkhaZuMvM

David R Hawkins ~ The Silence Within Everyone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=babqHn_TBV8

David R Hawkins ~ The Spiritual Warrior Within Us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wp0L0RVJyjg

David R Hawkins ~ The Super Ego
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srOQaNDar2c

David R Hawkins ~ The Way To Spiritual Truth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uX5Caab6Ho

David R Hawkins ~ Transcending Fears
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rq22wbKcfNQ

David R Hawkins ~ Understanding Spiritual Guidance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O55KECyM4so

David R Hawkins ~ Using Laughter To Transcend The Ego
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inAtpw-Fzzg

David R Hawkins ~ Violence In Children
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=um2mxDcXwQo

David R Hawkins ~ We All Have A Purpose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZjYuEI_QUR4

David R Hawkins ~ What Can We Do To Change The World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2immPBX96BI

David R Hawkins ~ What Is  The Will Of God
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efZHrEF7NEk

David R Hawkins ~ What Is It That Is Seeking Enlightenment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9emdpuielSQ

David R Hawkins ~ What Is Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4hBACyuLT8

David R Hawkins ~ What We Don`t Let Go, We Repeat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I2zsey21cn4

David R Hawkins ~ What You Are ,Is Creating Your Future
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vMn78tCQviI

David R Hawkins ~ Why Are We In This World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqC5KzfKUHE

David R Hawkins ~ Why Are We So Addicted To The Ego
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Sbj3eS9zfw

David R Hawkins ~ Why Bad Things happen To Good People
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XMGoAuYFdo

David R Hawkins ~ Why Do We Find Comfort On Alcohol & Drugs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YvVgFXUC9tw

David R Hawkins ~ Why Kinesiology Doesn`t Work For Some Students
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kFCIFveuW0

David R Hawkins ~ You Are Measure By Your Integrity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-lmXNmAhZI

David R Hawkins ~ You Can`t Tempt The Weak
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MuIn-6Yxes0

David R Hawkins ~ Your Choices Decide Your Fate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZiY0y29cAs

David R Hawkins ~ Your Degree Of Happiness Will Determine Your Level
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQjzjd6DPck

David R.  Hawkins ~ Is Sobreity Necessary In This Journey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWMaZeBolL0

David R. Hawkins - Consciousness Is The Mind Of God.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0A-ac77vTOo

David R. Hawkins - How Can I Be Compassionate Without Having A Judgement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5awiHROgqQ

David R. Hawkins - How Do You Overcome Any Addiction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M8HCEF5ONi0

David R. Hawkins - Role Of Sexuality In Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M37fmx0T0rs

David R. Hawkins - Thank You Dr. Hawkins For What You Did
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pCaEoeARTmw

David R. Hawkins - What Does Mean To Be Spiritual.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yQCR3ut3ZjE

David R. Hawkins - Where Is GOD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K9Ug_ojd9n8

David R. Hawkins - You Are A Master Teacher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2-XrVDW6iA

David R. Hawkins On Kinesiology & Res Interna
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X45JbF0nThg

David R. Hawkins Speaks To  Willie  On Sex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgM6_ybtmck

David R. Hawkins ~ How To Learn From Mistakes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01GFTSsFAkM

David R. Hawkins ~ Living Fearful Of The Future
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qip7AD7gW1w

David R. Hawkins ~ Stop Seeking For Gain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTzdOPbYdHQ

David R. Hawkins ~ Studying The 91 Psalm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJznh8Iid9w

David R. Hawkins ~ Transcending The Illusion Of Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYw-T_8Vj_U

David R. Hawkins ~ You Are Being Manipulated & Brainwash , Wake Up .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kFcDmn1YVMQ

David R. Hawkins ~The Letting Go Technique Explained
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckU29OUDZ8c

David R. Hawkins~ Overcoming A Passive Agressive Tendency
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eU1wGRwZTo4

How To Get Rid Of Guilt In This Lifetime
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lFBoAGCF5ZQ

If You Grow In Fatih, You Can Have Peace In Your Heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q6_hGdP7jVc

Jack Kornfield ~ Fostering Creativity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HqmOz_xV6Og

Letting Go Of The Past ~ A Lesson By Buddhist Monk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6F8JBxzlVUc

Live Buddhist Meditation ~ Miami Buddhist Festival
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sD1yEWwPrV4

Mooji - Just Realized I`m A Fraud - Laugh It Off.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gKwJerKlMI

Pema Chodron ~ How Can I Give My Best When I Feel My Worst
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NWxU6swIJUE

Spiritual Lawyer At United Nations The  2600 Celebration Of The Buddha Enlightenment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gSVipnGNSyE

StudyYourself ~ Guided Meditation Into Yourself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNr4ZivnkOM

The Denial Of God
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQwfgs3dcgs

The Guiltless World ~ You Create Heaven & Hell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uY0lJ2tFhog

The Investment In Reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAUXNBmGdSQ

Willie  StudyYourself ~  Intense Guided Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LqheqPpZsCw

Willie StudyYourself  ~  What Is Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHer_bBvVs8

Willie StudyYourself On Boredom & Procrastination
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03eMq1NBCmQ

Willie StudyYourself ~ Join Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGNZ6OVX8Hs

Willie Vargas ~ Studies Coming Soon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdmN0a7OGPc

Willie ~ How Does One Surrender
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64Qy56UPzu4

Willie ~ The Journey Of A Disciple
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M8bLNGaorlI

Willie ~ The Letting Go Technique Explained
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQ-LNfVGtFc

Your Judgement Keeps You Blind , Open Your Heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hVzVqjurcYY

Your Own Ignorance Is Blocking Your Understanding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KYBNOPY7nGk
Willie StudyYourself - Videos