
10 Excellent Ways to Secure Your Spring Boot Application by Brian Vermeer & Matt Raible
https://youtu.be/PpqNMhe4Bd0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

An Introduction to WebAssembly by Guy Royse
https://youtu.be/vChLD1VytOE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Back to the Future How 80s Arcade Games Taught me Clojure by Mey Beisaron
https://youtu.be/UilS1ctYUP4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Better software, faster principles of Continuous Delivery and DevOps by Bert Jan Schrijver
https://youtu.be/BlQ3MyoDOR4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Beyond ByteBuffers by Brian Goetz
https://youtu.be/iwSCtxMbBLI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Ecosystem Stewardship, Revisited by Dalibor Topic
https://youtu.be/mvjaTeI1IV8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Evolution of a Platform as a Service from the inside by Ludovic Champenois
https://youtu.be/Drrs5hghxlU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Faceswap Developing a platform for practical Deepfakes by Matt Tora, Bryan Lyon and Kyle Vrooman
https://youtu.be/v12wbKvhX78&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

From Java to Golang, the journey of the nexuzhealth team by Dylan Meeus
https://youtu.be/4dSw3tkclQ4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

How to get properly hacked! by Julien Topçu
https://youtu.be/ipM1_7uPC38&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Java Language Futures Late 2019 Edition by Brian Goetz
https://youtu.be/J6fegDQPgps&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Machine Learning The Bare Math Behind Libraries by Piotr Czajka & Łukasz Gebel
https://youtu.be/hjGhiVY4hBk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Memory footprint of a Java process by Andrei Pangin
https://youtu.be/c755fFv1Rnk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Music Generation with Magenta Using Machine Learning in by Arts Alexandre Dubreuil
https://youtu.be/O4uBa0KMeNY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Organisation Refactoring and Culture Hacking  Lessons from Software by Andrew Harmel Law
https://youtu.be/_jqPxGShb90&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Protecting your organisation against attacks via the build system by Cédric Champeau
https://youtu.be/GWGNp3a3hpk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Resiliency and Availability Design Patterns for the Cloud by Sebastien Stormacq
https://youtu.be/MCpjEiemsRg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Scaling Sustainable Innovation through Team Autonomy by Tom Stoepker
https://youtu.be/cncIlzKQp9Y&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Skill and reskill for DevOps with DevOps Dojos by Olivier Jacques
https://youtu.be/5ejcK1sTv6k&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Social Implications of Bias in Machine Learning by Fiona Coath
https://youtu.be/-IOZKTzF7vc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Some pitfalls in AI by Joachim Ganseman
https://youtu.be/DCju6X31-U4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Speed up your unit testing with Jest by Bo Vandersteene
https://youtu.be/qANA_3xjeRw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Teamwork is difficult, can Sociocracy help by Ruben De Gauw
https://youtu.be/GTt_4IP6wac&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

To be or not to be a manager in 2020 by Nicolas Helleringer
https://youtu.be/Xe35h7qfALM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q

Why We Hate Java Serialization And What We're Doing About It by Brian Goetz & Stuart Marks
https://youtu.be/dOgfWXw9VrI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqPgMvdC-bARnJ9bALLIM3Q
Videos 1-25