
2016 -  ?Perl 6 - Why did they do that?  - Bruce Gray
https://youtu.be/Jw657US719s&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - A Brief Overview of Resources for the Perl Programmer? - David Adler
https://youtu.be/C_Tz6U5jJ9M&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Battling a legacy schema with DBIxClass- Lee Johnson
https://youtu.be/ltckzIJYwHg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Becoming a polyglot? -  Kirsten Hunter
https://youtu.be/pJgpaJpz6sI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Beginning with Perl and Vagrant?  - James Lance
https://youtu.be/3hjzQsvNjgM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Bugzilla - Dylan Hardison
https://youtu.be/wF9YljsE0Ak&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Duct Tape and the Camel What I've Learned from Maintenance? - brian carlson
https://youtu.be/sb_EmYbc798&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Finding dead code, the quick and easy way, with DevelQuickCover?  - Gonzalo Diethelm
https://youtu.be/7EbLC3M5n6g&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Hands-on RapidApp from bootstrapping to dockerized deployment? - Henry Van Styn
https://youtu.be/-dRacuBY85U&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Lightning Talks Day 3?
https://youtu.be/2Ln0YHtKgaI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Locking with Perl (...hard things should be possible)? -  David Oswald
https://youtu.be/tWdmxrtPiKs&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Q&A With Larry Wall?
https://youtu.be/O8ZmqhaqaYw&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - RefUtil accurate functions in XS for checking references? - Sawyer X
https://youtu.be/gv-DCM9I8v0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - RPerl, Perl 11, and The Future of Perl Performance? - Will Braswell
https://youtu.be/8EoEZrXSUfw&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Stronger Than Fear Mental Health in the Developer Community? - Ed Finkler
https://youtu.be/bWqSuBg8AMo&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Test2 for test writers - Chad Granum
https://youtu.be/MmUVPLrtD-g&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Testing with TestClassMoose? - Dave Rolsky
https://youtu.be/r_3kt_tJsjI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - The Ongoing Disaster That Is Perl 5? - Ricardo Signes
https://youtu.be/gmmVGPdcItM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Utiaji Building an Application Specific Web Server in Perl6?  - Brian Duggan
https://youtu.be/-8oTgdnP-y4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Writing XS in plain C -  Bulk 88
https://youtu.be/3arnEXLykDc&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - ?Have It Your Way Maximizing Drive-Thru Contributions?  - VM Brasseur
https://youtu.be/9jdBz9Mscc0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - ?More Modern Perl with Docker? - Jason Hall
https://youtu.be/V7-a3giGuDA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - ?Perl 6 and the Zen of Erlang? - Ben Tyler
https://youtu.be/73-XQEn6HfI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - ?Solving WordBrain - A Depth First Search of a Problem Of Great Breadth? - Robert Stone
https://youtu.be/_1fnTyJg7uA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - ?The Dark Art of Boatbuilding and Project Management? - Art Eaton
https://youtu.be/VxtJqwKrETA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT
Videos 51-75