
DBMS vs RDBMS in hindi by shanu sir
https://youtu.be/MzBfiDAD12A

foreach loop with associative array
https://youtu.be/GGOSZE1vWuQ

How to check nubmer is even or odd in PHP by shanu sir
https://youtu.be/RO8Rrje80rQ

How to create database in mysql in hindi
https://youtu.be/V60WAXeLqrs

HTML vs XHTML by shanu sir
https://youtu.be/3OEXyjFy2p0

Important php interview question
https://youtu.be/aqvEHXzknG0

include and  require function in php
https://youtu.be/k-hx50uX1pE

include_once() and require_once() in hindi by shanu sir
https://youtu.be/w37mCqHj6ls

Making star pattern in PHP
https://youtu.be/7eLyDqNYctM

php interview question part 1
https://youtu.be/4N4I7Eubts8

php interview question part2 by shanu sir
https://youtu.be/z8zNhORTHbk

php interview question part3 by shanu sir
https://youtu.be/lbom70owSHw

PHP Star Pattern print
https://youtu.be/v8jgddEjcPg

PHP String function strpbrk() by shanu sir
https://youtu.be/_Ptk7nJcbLU

PHP String function strrchr()
https://youtu.be/7NdrShgi_FM

php+mysql interview question by shanu sir
https://youtu.be/MN66B6DvQhg

print_r()  function  Testing of array using print_r()
https://youtu.be/H81EkRCOBms

Remove Specific Element from Array in PHP
https://youtu.be/oKPXAPuka24

Reverse String without inbuilt function in PHP
https://youtu.be/0217kHxmdvk

String functions strlen() and strpos() by shanu sir
https://youtu.be/uZUZqCQC6ek

What is DBMS
https://youtu.be/taf06-PU7T0

what is sql
https://youtu.be/RJjpAyzj2JM

what is zend engine in php
https://youtu.be/90tEbwpKlUg

बद्रीनाथ मंदिर के दिव्य दर्शन
https://youtu.be/xZ62s2KU2QQ
Videos 101-125