
#1 India's Best Data Scientist  Anand S
https://youtu.be/e79VyPbmNeE

#10 India's Best Data Scientist  Rajeev Rastogi
https://youtu.be/8HanMZQ6aqI

#11 India's Best Data Scientist  Satnam Singh
https://youtu.be/5hnJ1-TRVOM

#12 India's Best Data Scientist  Shailesh Kumar
https://youtu.be/KkZroVExTp0

#2 India's Best Data Scientist  Ankur Narang
https://youtu.be/Kq8biepUjW8

#3 India's Best Data Scientist  Chandra Mouli
https://youtu.be/P_VuSyl6Rfo

#4 India's Best Data Scientist  Sandya Kuruganti
https://youtu.be/KhFJ8rrQV4g

#5 India's Best Data Scientist  Hindol Basu
https://youtu.be/FdX_Qln4YDc

#6 India's Best Data Scientist  Joy Mustafi
https://youtu.be/twlLjVtLv8U

#7 India's Best Data Scientist  Nilesh Karnik
https://youtu.be/W80VGQs9Uvo

#8 India's Best Data Scientist  Praful Chandra
https://youtu.be/crQaugRuTsc

#9 India's Best Data Scientist  Prashant Warier
https://youtu.be/Hry2XLH-A8o

Common mistakes amateur data scientist make and how to avoid them
https://youtu.be/HZh7YI1d6yg

Data Science Interview Question and Answers 2018 - Part 1
https://youtu.be/zKLAqOz_PzI

Data Science Interview Question and Answers 2018 - Part 10
https://youtu.be/XN90hZO-T4Q

Data Science Interview Question and Answers 2018 - Part 11
https://youtu.be/4TWIWJzhUU4

Data Science Interview Question and Answers 2018 - Part 12
https://youtu.be/o1zFbcJDUuA

Data Science Interview Question and Answers 2018 - Part 2
https://youtu.be/Dt7JlLiuxq8

Data Science Interview Question and Answers 2018 - Part 3
https://youtu.be/hfKDfNG-Q-8

Data Science Interview Question and Answers 2018 - Part 4
https://youtu.be/bEdz_2LSfzY

Data Science Interview Question and Answers 2018 - Part 5
https://youtu.be/BhOc47hRrio

Data Science Interview Question and Answers 2018 - Part 6
https://youtu.be/zKZjM2ejHs4

Data Science Interview Question and Answers 2018 - Part 7
https://youtu.be/cA2II58KiAc

Data Science Interview Question and Answers 2018 - Part 8
https://youtu.be/-zJv9L87gbU

Data Science Interview Question and Answers 2018 - Part 9
https://youtu.be/7KSbhWKF3os
Videos 551-575