
20130412_205614.mp4
https://youtu.be/Nl8agh2GEDY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oKdEPHIJ9nFU4GvQMNN6uj

3D Earth Visualization - MATLAB and Simulink Student Design Challenge
https://youtu.be/y0bAyARm3G8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oKdEPHIJ9nFU4GvQMNN6uj

Active Upper Limb Exoskeleton controlled by sEMG
https://youtu.be/o1Zus3mlk2Q&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oKdEPHIJ9nFU4GvQMNN6uj

Airloads-V5Â® Flight Simulation.
https://youtu.be/co2MrbPGyD8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oKdEPHIJ9nFU4GvQMNN6uj

Automatic flight in GPS denied areas - MATLAB and Simulink Student Design Challenge 2013
https://youtu.be/evkoZCUn95w&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oKdEPHIJ9nFU4GvQMNN6uj

BoubacarvictorjeffreyFinal
https://youtu.be/YXvE655M7XE&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oKdEPHIJ9nFU4GvQMNN6uj

CSC160EXTRA CREDIT
https://youtu.be/PdvyGTMY5EY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oKdEPHIJ9nFU4GvQMNN6uj

ESCALADE360 v3.0
https://youtu.be/W3ACqj4yxYw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oKdEPHIJ9nFU4GvQMNN6uj

Favaro Project 2
https://youtu.be/39R5bX43yHg&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oKdEPHIJ9nFU4GvQMNN6uj

Flapping Airfoil, using Unsteady Vortex Lattice Method
https://youtu.be/mvsi5paEBAo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oKdEPHIJ9nFU4GvQMNN6uj

Hand Gesture Based Switching System
https://youtu.be/Ry3MWnxnADE&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oKdEPHIJ9nFU4GvQMNN6uj

Humanoid robot with SG90 Motor
https://youtu.be/QPzHcvkoI2M&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oKdEPHIJ9nFU4GvQMNN6uj

Magnetic manipulator Magman and Matlab
https://youtu.be/AhS_2gU1qW0&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oKdEPHIJ9nFU4GvQMNN6uj

Mathworks - MATLAB Entry - Reynolds Number Calculator (GUI)
https://youtu.be/m4d7be7sL3M&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oKdEPHIJ9nFU4GvQMNN6uj

Matlab & Simulink Design Competition Entry
https://youtu.be/hKMNWlMWztc&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oKdEPHIJ9nFU4GvQMNN6uj

MATLAB and Simulink Student Design Challenge
https://youtu.be/h974_98yQ3c&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oKdEPHIJ9nFU4GvQMNN6uj

Matlab Animations PacGhost and Space Game
https://youtu.be/8Il5D2SW4ko&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oKdEPHIJ9nFU4GvQMNN6uj

Matlab birds for Mathwork Competition, CSC 160
https://youtu.be/Gur6KhE2_x8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oKdEPHIJ9nFU4GvQMNN6uj

matlab calculator (MATLAB and Simulink Student Design Challenge)
https://youtu.be/4f6Z-fi1VDs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oKdEPHIJ9nFU4GvQMNN6uj

MATLAB DSP GUI
https://youtu.be/iJ3_Q0nrNmA&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oKdEPHIJ9nFU4GvQMNN6uj

MatLab optics problem
https://youtu.be/he9HUB96Zak&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oKdEPHIJ9nFU4GvQMNN6uj

Matlab project
https://youtu.be/Hi-bsKATFro&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oKdEPHIJ9nFU4GvQMNN6uj

Private video
https://youtu.be/AjKqnYzN0Po&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oKdEPHIJ9nFU4GvQMNN6uj
Videos 1-25
2014 MATLAB and Simulink Student Design Challenge
https://youtu.be/DDNGm6TixXs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08obh9yQFi-kJV5Qe-pegoNG

3D Virtual Reality Design of Vehicles (MATLAB and Simulink Student Design Challenge)
https://youtu.be/qQvADA1JGVw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08obh9yQFi-kJV5Qe-pegoNG

Bellagio Fountain Design in MATLAB
https://youtu.be/HjGvwS9WyuU&list=PLn8PRpmsu08obh9yQFi-kJV5Qe-pegoNG

Code2 Development  Neuroscience Data Analysis (MATLAB and Simulink Student Design Challenge 2014)
https://youtu.be/WCBs3vraHpw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08obh9yQFi-kJV5Qe-pegoNG

contact between a floating manipulator and a satellite model
https://youtu.be/Aq-WSgAid8s&list=PLn8PRpmsu08obh9yQFi-kJV5Qe-pegoNG

Curso Matlab 1 Variables matrices tipos de dato
https://youtu.be/UawhvugB9qs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08obh9yQFi-kJV5Qe-pegoNG

Deleted video
https://youtu.be/TMb3WwOY_gg&list=PLn8PRpmsu08obh9yQFi-kJV5Qe-pegoNG

Drawing Image using Rover Robot Arm On Flat Surface
https://youtu.be/aav0uVxBYfk&list=PLn8PRpmsu08obh9yQFi-kJV5Qe-pegoNG

Easy results tutorial
https://youtu.be/-Tbdovm_5Hw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08obh9yQFi-kJV5Qe-pegoNG

Electrohydrodynamic Interactions
https://youtu.be/uONPJZreQC8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08obh9yQFi-kJV5Qe-pegoNG

Human Kinematics
https://youtu.be/By4UO9hNNEI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08obh9yQFi-kJV5Qe-pegoNG

MATLAB and Simulink Student Design Challenge 2014 (Submission by Steven Potiris & Anthony Tompkins)
https://youtu.be/n8iRLP2OICI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08obh9yQFi-kJV5Qe-pegoNG

MATLAB and Simulink Student Design Challenge 2014
https://youtu.be/C2S1lfgO-KY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08obh9yQFi-kJV5Qe-pegoNG

MATLAB and Simulink Student Design Challenge
https://youtu.be/T08iCbwNnY0&list=PLn8PRpmsu08obh9yQFi-kJV5Qe-pegoNG

MATLAB Design Challenge for ICEMI
https://youtu.be/lAGDDOeifVc&list=PLn8PRpmsu08obh9yQFi-kJV5Qe-pegoNG

Matlab Program for Cold Formed Steel Design
https://youtu.be/rZYZVpRTbkM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08obh9yQFi-kJV5Qe-pegoNG

Private video
https://youtu.be/AMPlCENkIB0&list=PLn8PRpmsu08obh9yQFi-kJV5Qe-pegoNG

Quadcopter Dynamic Modeling and Simulation Using MATLAB and Simulink
https://youtu.be/kIgwZFGlgio&list=PLn8PRpmsu08obh9yQFi-kJV5Qe-pegoNG

Sky Viper Flight Test 3.3
https://youtu.be/VYtjvv86tDw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08obh9yQFi-kJV5Qe-pegoNG

Using MATLAB and Simulink to Design Control Algorithms for an Autonomous Surface Vessel
https://youtu.be/IVTlF_yKPCs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08obh9yQFi-kJV5Qe-pegoNG

ZSI
https://youtu.be/pCw9m79dscw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08obh9yQFi-kJV5Qe-pegoNG
Videos 1-25