
PHP UK Conference 2014 - Andrei Zmievski - Intl Me This, Intl me That
https://youtu.be/g3M6YzzBEI4&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-7o9SPO5arFrAaU8bcIjba

PHP UK Conference 2014 - Bastian Hofmann - Profiling PHP Applications
https://youtu.be/4TbxHDSDkiw&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-7o9SPO5arFrAaU8bcIjba

PHP UK Conference 2014 - Ben Mathews - Facebook's Approach To Common Web Vulnerabilities
https://youtu.be/z53RgVINzK8&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-7o9SPO5arFrAaU8bcIjba

PHP UK Conference 2014 - Beth Tucker Long - I've Been Hacked, Now What
https://youtu.be/PIligSGxAA8&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-7o9SPO5arFrAaU8bcIjba

PHP UK Conference 2014 - Beth Tucker Long - Normalisation Friend Or Foe
https://youtu.be/g6cPTEB7D58&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-7o9SPO5arFrAaU8bcIjba

PHP UK Conference 2014 - Davey Shafik - PHP 5.NEXT The New Bits
https://youtu.be/zX_U5mymWAg&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-7o9SPO5arFrAaU8bcIjba

PHP UK Conference 2014 - Davey Shafik - PHP Under The Hood
https://youtu.be/bHZX-CM-qQc&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-7o9SPO5arFrAaU8bcIjba

PHP UK Conference 2014 - Derick Rethans - PHP In Space
https://youtu.be/eeeBAle_uAw&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-7o9SPO5arFrAaU8bcIjba

PHP UK Conference 2014 - Eli White - Caching Best Practices
https://youtu.be/bsZQcbBcXuQ&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-7o9SPO5arFrAaU8bcIjba

PHP UK Conference 2014 - Eli White - Web Security And You
https://youtu.be/ROlhsYQH3qY&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-7o9SPO5arFrAaU8bcIjba

PHP UK Conference 2014 - Erika Heidi - Vagrant Provisioners In A Nutshell
https://youtu.be/x7iA4yzDsAg&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-7o9SPO5arFrAaU8bcIjba

PHP UK Conference 2014 - Gary Hockin - Maximising Performance With Zend Framework
https://youtu.be/QwpGPlL8oZc&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-7o9SPO5arFrAaU8bcIjba

PHP UK Conference 2014 - Glen Campbell - The Future of PHP Is In The Clouds
https://youtu.be/ljPTGLFb-xM&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-7o9SPO5arFrAaU8bcIjba

PHP UK Conference 2014 - Ian BarberMandy Waite - Building Scalable PHP Apps With Google App Engine
https://youtu.be/5Ligesk23ys&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-7o9SPO5arFrAaU8bcIjba

PHP UK Conference 2014 - Jeremy Quinton - Gathering Metrics With StatsD And Graphite
https://youtu.be/parmTnIr3gE&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-7o9SPO5arFrAaU8bcIjba

PHP UK Conference 2014 - Joshua Thijssen - (Re)Discovering The SPL
https://youtu.be/Z4piH7PTjVc&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-7o9SPO5arFrAaU8bcIjba

PHP UK Conference 2014 - Joshua Thijssen - RPMing Your Apps And Tools
https://youtu.be/IzX3U4U3eok&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-7o9SPO5arFrAaU8bcIjba

PHP UK Conference 2014 - Julien Pauli - PHP Opcache Explained
https://youtu.be/pxW5WdKmprs&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-7o9SPO5arFrAaU8bcIjba

PHP UK Conference 2014 - Lorna Mitchell - Debugging HTTP
https://youtu.be/1hfDMrsdO80&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-7o9SPO5arFrAaU8bcIjba

PHP UK Conference 2014 - Marcello Duarte - Test, Transform, Refactor
https://youtu.be/yPX3gZ7xgN8&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-7o9SPO5arFrAaU8bcIjba

PHP UK Conference 2014 - Mathias Verraes - Unbreakable Domain Models
https://youtu.be/ZJ63ltuwMaE&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-7o9SPO5arFrAaU8bcIjba

PHP UK Conference 2014 - Michelle Sanver - 'ProTalking' Your Way into Open Source
https://youtu.be/wI5AEHPvYms&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-7o9SPO5arFrAaU8bcIjba

PHP UK Conference 2014 - Rowan Merewood - Algorithm, Review, Sorting
https://youtu.be/J-DJPfjmF2I&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-7o9SPO5arFrAaU8bcIjba

PHP UK Conference 2014 - Stephan Hochd√∂rfer - The 7 Deadly Sins of Dependency Injection
https://youtu.be/hMix8gfDy54&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-7o9SPO5arFrAaU8bcIjba

PHP UK Conference 2014 - Stuart Herbert - PHP at the Firehose Scale
https://youtu.be/90EkomYUq9Y&list=PL_aPVo2HeGF-7o9SPO5arFrAaU8bcIjba
Videos 1-25