
Perrin Harkins   Introduction to Performance Tuning Perl Web Applications
https://youtu.be/iEZ-gcycxcA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Quin Bailey   Building a DevOps process using Meister and Perl
https://youtu.be/NgXRsjNV-yo&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

R Geoffrey Avery   Dancer Getting to Hello World
https://youtu.be/rWkmlWOkobg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

R Geoffrey Avery   Lightning Talks Day 1
https://youtu.be/Bohxcat4g-A&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

R Geoffrey Avery   Lightning Talks Day 2
https://youtu.be/ILWrbvI8Qfg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

R Geoffrey Avery   Lightning Talks Day 3
https://youtu.be/-J1q6HcDUVE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

R Geoffrey Avery   White Camel Awards
https://youtu.be/EP58jCl3gOk&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Randal Schwartz   Introduction to Git
https://youtu.be/bwQqz3cb1Jc&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Ricardo Signes   Perl 5 Today, Tomorrow, and Christmas
https://youtu.be/SUzO5lPhcIk&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Ricardo Signes   Whats New in Perl
https://youtu.be/5FvNoTo7Kfo&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Robert Blackwell   Put your Doorbell on the Internet
https://youtu.be/9sMWn8wPIb8&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Robin Darby   Perl, Mobile App  glue
https://youtu.be/mi6R71VDPQM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Sawyer X   Moose 101
https://youtu.be/w6bLdmKDJFA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Scott Walters   Perl SDL Games and Hacks
https://youtu.be/HYFNEDDRyhc&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Sean Blanton   Perl in a Trading Environment A Multi Pronged Success Story
https://youtu.be/MrVqFugk0SU&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Stephen Scaffidi   The Essential Perl Hackers Toolkit
https://youtu.be/gKsh0rNm5zs&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Sterling Hanenkamp   MetaCPAN API and Android
https://youtu.be/gQJs-JwTjUI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Steven Lembark   Perl Myths Debunked
https://youtu.be/U9fymZBlQ-I&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Steven Lembark   Utils are Your Friends
https://youtu.be/FhqQIWmIwp0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Tatsuhiko Miyagawa   Becoming a Polyglot
https://youtu.be/HeHtBYBIYlA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Thiago Rondon   You, Me and Opendata
https://youtu.be/4zShbzh7neI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Tom Christiansen   Perl NLP Stemming and Lemmatizing
https://youtu.be/WJgoSm-P4Ao&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Tom Christiansen   Unicode Regexes
https://youtu.be/74Ls6CmJJSE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Tomas Doran   Messaging, interoperability and log aggregation   a new framework
https://youtu.be/N1RrTS5pfEk&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ

Torsten Raudssus   DuckDuckGo and Perl
https://youtu.be/-IIE6IWi3-M&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFz4XioSg6nYMYJNMYBHkWWZ
Videos 1-25