
Andres Almiray and Dan Allen on Asciidoctor
https://youtu.be/pM3JRGPo_HU

Andres Almiray on the DesktopEmbedded App JSR
https://youtu.be/UcickgUFtPY

Arun Gupta on Devoxx4Kids
https://youtu.be/sOpEteG088M

Aysylu Greenberg on Benchmarking, Art, Music
https://youtu.be/Dke4MO2DC7I

Baruch Sadogursky - AQL
https://youtu.be/ZFbZbZ073iw

Ed Burns on JSF and Servlet
https://youtu.be/7hFu00u-TiQ

Freddy Guime on Memory Leaks
https://youtu.be/z2W7UU15d7o

Heather Van Cura giving a JCP Update
https://youtu.be/_CDDRCGD5hE

Holly Cummins on Wearable Computing
https://youtu.be/bAUz8q9vET4

JavaLand My-Matrix Project
https://youtu.be/Gv2ZyKASxBM

Jeff Prestes on the Device Access API
https://youtu.be/g9-8TDiX9pY

Kirk Pepperdine - Parallel Lambda Performance
https://youtu.be/Y4vGiCR1hUg

Michael Hoffer on 3D Printing in Java
https://youtu.be/EPZUvbK4NgA

Michael Minella on the Connected Car
https://youtu.be/_kPjtx9iOa8

NightHackingvJUG session on Adopt OpenJDK
https://youtu.be/6lw1QX1dLWQ

Peter Lawrey on Legacy Lambda Code in Java
https://youtu.be/v1CXEXvFj4w

Rabea Gransberger with Code Review Tips
https://youtu.be/_vmEPhqzg5I

Rafael Winterhalter on Byte Buddy
https://youtu.be/oqTruAvFm7g

Roland Huss on Docker
https://youtu.be/Jm66LKa3gLs

Rosalie Tolentino on Security
https://youtu.be/mdyrPM0T7d8

Stefan Schlott on Hacking Your Website
https://youtu.be/HtPSXMvPvJk

Venkat Subramaniam on Java 8 Lambdas
https://youtu.be/q6ntkhd2w9E

Voxxed Interview with Lucy, Mani, and Daniel on OpenJDK
https://youtu.be/bM0ADpcjQFw

Yakov Fain on Commercial IoT
https://youtu.be/AQ1mQEplvJk

Yoav Landman on Bintray, Docker, Chef, and Vagrant
https://youtu.be/PCZvhnW2Sqw
Videos 301-325