
2016 -  ?Introducing Prancer, a Web Framework for Perl 6?  -  DrForr
https://youtu.be/W1iTkACkbcM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Distributed Nmap Scanning with Perl? - Paul Johnson
https://youtu.be/UcPw2DEzXoE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Everything You Never Knew You Wanted to Ask About Time Series Databases -  Brad Lhotsky
https://youtu.be/GgBh8XzI6no&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Hashing a Tree Glacier hashes, FP, and Perl? - Steve Lembark
https://youtu.be/7zHwNymO7BE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Immutable and Continuous Deployments? - Logan Bell
https://youtu.be/sk-6OSb1QDA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Introduction to Rex - Doug Bell
https://youtu.be/nEVgui7-f78&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Logging and Analytics using Perl and fluentd? - Jason Crome
https://youtu.be/G6773RJZJNA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Modern Perl for the Unfrozen Paleolithic Perl Programmer?  - John Anderson
https://youtu.be/32Q3omIVZrc&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Perl dependencies playing with %INC and profiling memory? - Nicolas Rochelemagne
https://youtu.be/AMa1JWgG4yY&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Releasing to CPAN -  David Oswald
https://youtu.be/mz_pjG4i19I&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - So, you want to host a Perl event - Dan Wright
https://youtu.be/9bMHY2HsX0E&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - The Perl paradox - Tom Radcliffe
https://youtu.be/Df5Q4iPBNKM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Tuesday Lightning Talks
https://youtu.be/s8BvPwkvBEI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Userspace entropy You too can dabble in voodoo!? - Dana Jacobsen
https://youtu.be/Mv_BmVFuDQM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Writing Command Line Tools for Other People?  - Brad Lhotsky
https://youtu.be/DzRYGudfu0s&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - Writing Effective Documentation?  - Doug Bell
https://youtu.be/T8BIEDdFSwo&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - ?Intro to JSON Schema with Go, and Generating Validators And Skeletons? - Daisuke Maki
https://youtu.be/iu9Bc4yYisw&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - ?Open Street Maps with Perl - DeLorean Dashboard Pt. II?  -  Micheal Conrad
https://youtu.be/ruBzlFMxwyw&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - ?Secrets of the dead What modern programmers can learn from COBOL? - Walt Mankowski
https://youtu.be/pHQfEGgI030&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 - ?Writing Perl extensions in Rust? - Vickenty Fesunov
https://youtu.be/GwS8eDOYz_U&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

2016 -From Regular Expressions to Javascript - Learn Perl6 Grammars? -  DrForr
https://youtu.be/KxnRc0hbuBI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT

Private video
https://youtu.be/HHY26bkWL3g&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFykB5TDa4OjI6uoTg9OtABT
Videos 26-50