
A Walking Robot You Say  Modeling Physical Systems with Simscape
https://youtu.be/S7ol8yhg71k&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Advanced Programming Techniques in MATLAB  Master Class with Loren Shure
https://youtu.be/kE4SUA392_I&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Advanced Programming Techniques in MATLAB, Part 1  Master Class with Loren Shure
https://youtu.be/rqZBmLW_1mw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Advanced Programming Techniques in MATLAB, Part 2  Master Class with Loren Shure
https://youtu.be/wFymTJdxYQs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Attempting to add new features to a web app using MATLAB App Designer
https://youtu.be/PCxkKb4q5iY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Building Regression Models A Workshop for the WiDS Datathon 2022
https://youtu.be/-BuF_XMMZ1M&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Calling MATLAB from Python  MATLAB and Python Together, Part 2
https://youtu.be/MzoFK0_UbOA&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Code Generation from MATLAB and Simulink  From Prototyping to Implementation
https://youtu.be/TSBH_TY4Ou0&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Comparing 30+ AI models for datathons  MATLAB's best model
https://youtu.be/-HpNewselN8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Control Design with MATLAB and Simulink
https://youtu.be/WkKZ5311YYI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Deep Learning Basics  MATLAB's Best Model
https://youtu.be/HILyfTwNwBo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

How to CallÂ Python from MATLAB  MATLAB and Python Together, Part 1
https://youtu.be/TQOEcUdw9Wk&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Image Processing for Engineering and Science Specialization
https://youtu.be/KQJBDVWvE1c&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Machine Learning Basics  MATLAB's Best Model
https://youtu.be/Wf2N2GIc2ls&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

MATLAB Basics Back to School Edition
https://youtu.be/xkImXFzYDv4&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

MATLAB Essentials
https://youtu.be/aEPcyBqubb8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

MATLAB in the Cloud
https://youtu.be/lAb3lXponQw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Modeling State Machines with Stateflow  What's Your State
https://youtu.be/rUeMUCrlxP0&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Object-Oriented Programming with MATLAB
https://youtu.be/n9Q7AQOhttw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Programming with MATLAB
https://youtu.be/jogGxRr_sXY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Running Massive Simulations and More New Features in Simulink R2021b
https://youtu.be/80MxEWhZGS0&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Simulink Basics  Midterms Edition
https://youtu.be/IxJbN3zutqo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Solving Optimization Problems with MATLAB  Master Class with Loren Shure
https://youtu.be/4wgI3-RQqTY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

Using MATLAB with Python  Top Questions Answered
https://youtu.be/RlMgQDvvAFQ&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI

What's new in MATLAB R2021b
https://youtu.be/AsucfzQhK7M&list=PLn8PRpmsu08qdMOMCdCqtutFpt6dGyyAI
Videos 1-25