
2D Animation in Unity (Tutorial)
https://youtu.be/hkaysu1Z-N8

2D Camera in Unity (Cinemachine Tutorial)
https://youtu.be/2jTY11Am0Ig

2D Movement in Unity (Tutorial)
https://youtu.be/dwcT-Dch0bA

2D Shooting in Unity (Tutorial)
https://youtu.be/wkKsl1Mfp5M

ANIMATE 2D CHARACTERS in Unity
https://youtu.be/eXIuizGzY2A

Basic Principles of Game Design
https://youtu.be/G8AT01tuyrk

Basics of Shader Graph - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/Ar9eIn4z6XE

DISSOLVE using Unity Shader Graph
https://youtu.be/taMp1g1pBeE

HOLOGRAM using Unity Shader Graph
https://youtu.be/KGGB5LFEejg

How to make a 2D Game in Unity
https://youtu.be/on9nwbZngyw

MAKE GAMES WITHOUT CODE! - Unity 3D Game Kit
https://youtu.be/qsU4nM0L_n0

MAKE ORGANIC LEVELS!! Unity Sprite Shape
https://youtu.be/GSo_fU1JdfM

MAKING A GAME IN 10 MINUTES!!
https://youtu.be/p8MzsDBI5EI

Making of SUGAR WARRIOR!
https://youtu.be/AcRuRtBhF2U

MESH COLOR in Unity - Terrain Generation
https://youtu.be/lNyZ9K71Vhc

MESH GENERATION in Unity - Basics
https://youtu.be/eJEpeUH1EMg

NEW FANTASY PACKS! Download Now!
https://youtu.be/odLEkNXlWEA

NEW PREFAB WORKFLOWS! - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/6_gAiPPKyUg

NEW UNITY UI! - Unite 2018 Recap
https://youtu.be/YxTrUAZQuhs

New way of CODING in Unity! ECS Tutorial
https://youtu.be/_U9wRgQyy6s

PROCEDURAL TERRAIN in Unity! - Mesh Generation
https://youtu.be/64NblGkAabk

TOUCH CONTROLS in Unity!
https://youtu.be/bp2PiFC9sSs

VISUAL SCRIPTING! - UNITY 2019
https://youtu.be/PPAtFO2EMak

WE MOVED INTO A NEW STUDIO!
https://youtu.be/BFm5_rDsZL4

WHAT'S NEW IN UNITY 2018.3
https://youtu.be/raYkwmxuXEc
Videos 76-100