
5 Steps to a Secure Uncrackable Password
https://youtu.be/FRfjX4SumI8

Bellman-Ford Single-Source Shortest-Path algorithm
https://youtu.be/dp-Ortfx1f4

Binary Search Trees (BST) Explained in Animated Demo
https://youtu.be/mtvbVLK5xDQ

Boolean Algebra Explained part-1
https://youtu.be/2zRJ1ShMcgA

Boolean Algebra Explained part-2
https://youtu.be/aQosPmPAaF8

Breadth First Search - BFS algorithm
https://youtu.be/E_V71Ejz3f4

Depth-First Search Algorithm DFS
https://youtu.be/tlPuVe5Otio

HTML How to Create FORMS and Get Field Data with PHP
https://youtu.be/qUW6GAK6CBA

Intro to Agile Overview of the Agile process
https://youtu.be/HlUNaC4sxm8

Intro to Big Oh Analysis
https://youtu.be/4UYo8muFwAM

Intro to Rasberry Pi 2 Model B - Features & Specs
https://youtu.be/tYMx3r6nxlk

Java Array vs ArrayList Difference
https://youtu.be/ZVJ7kpEMc7U

Java Binary Search Tree BST
https://youtu.be/ytfEFJAhMgo

Java BubbleSort algorithm
https://youtu.be/F13_wsHDIG4

Java Insertion Sort sorting algorithm
https://youtu.be/lCDZ0IprFw4

Java MergeSort explained
https://youtu.be/iMT7gTPpaqw

Java SelectionSort animated demo with code
https://youtu.be/cqh8nQwuKNE

Python Binary Search Tree - BST
https://youtu.be/YlgPi75hIBc

Python Binary-Decimal-Octal Conversion
https://youtu.be/_cvxvXNiens

Python BubbleSort sorting algorithm
https://youtu.be/YHm_4bVOe1s

Python Calculating Prime Numbers
https://youtu.be/r9mqm2dsFk4

Python Hexadecimal to Decimal Conversion
https://youtu.be/m_sLSmE85Lk

Python MaxHeap heapsort
https://youtu.be/GnKHVXv_rlQ

QuickSort Sorting Algorithm Overview
https://youtu.be/B4URnLNITgw

Top 5 Reasons to Avoid BitCoin
https://youtu.be/huEraqzE3q0
Videos 201-225