
Andrew Hewus Fresh - HealthCheck - Diagnostics Results for your code
https://youtu.be/r7iL8kmJTvg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Chris White - It's the little things
https://youtu.be/k9SPyKIUap8&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Curtis Poe - Modern OO in the Cor
https://youtu.be/Tst-vs4Br2A&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Damian Conway - Keynote A Simple Matter Of Programming
https://youtu.be/fVnmYzJfy5s&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Dave Rolsky - Continuous Integration for Perl with Azure Pipelines
https://youtu.be/OSstr_1C6U0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

David Oswald - Setting up an internal Darkpan
https://youtu.be/cguMCLC9hBg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

E. Choroba - Schema Updates and How to Make Them Zero Downtime
https://youtu.be/oseyOt6AFYQ&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

GIZMO - Using RPGs to Fuel My Coding Habit
https://youtu.be/CDn-eIDPvxM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Graham Ollis - A Year of Alien and Platypus - Lightning Talks - Day 2
https://youtu.be/r_ccLlvn6bw&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Juan Julián Merelo Guervós - Doccing Raku
https://youtu.be/jYfMxDv3RE8&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Kivanc Yazan - State of Pull Request Club - Lightning Talks - Day 2
https://youtu.be/bDFRqYfD-24&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Konstantin Narkhov - Creating a secure decentralized CMS on Ethereum blockchain with Raku
https://youtu.be/h-ymtopR30o&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Matthew Stephan Stuckwisch - Going International in Raku
https://youtu.be/HkOshnTyWAs&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Olaf Alders and Mark Fowler - Getting Started with GitHub Actions
https://youtu.be/WfXo71I7LmE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Ricardo Signes - The Perl 5 Debugger Wuh
https://youtu.be/LtAGbUYTnR0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Sawyer X - Guac!
https://youtu.be/sTEshbh2lYQ&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Stephen Roe - Why raku The PhysicsUnit edge.
https://youtu.be/OaWLTddTNzc&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Steven Lembark - Hyper and Gathers and Loops... Oh, my!
https://youtu.be/rgCk5w2o-GY&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Theo van Hoesel - System Observability and Distributed Tracing
https://youtu.be/cQvAf5FtwwE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Thomas Klauser - NetMatrixWebhook - Lightning Talks - Day 2
https://youtu.be/Fby5i2sDHCY&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Tina Müller - Quick Debugging in Vim - Lightning Talks - Day 2
https://youtu.be/J09TLkVKu9Y&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Tina Müller - What can you do with YAML in 2020
https://youtu.be/dc2SN5Xerjg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

TPF panel - come talk to us
https://youtu.be/fxW1mEMfxjg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Vadim Belman - Lock-Less Concurrent Programming in Raku
https://youtu.be/HIJ3TrWsLTM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Vadim Belman - Threaded Text Console UI in Raku
https://youtu.be/fXg2y4_3W4w&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu
Videos 26-50