
Building a Flappy Bird Game in Unity - Livestream Archive
https://youtu.be/omSWGElRg_8

Five Nights At Freddy's 4 with Pamela - Spooky Scary Animatronic Skeletons!
https://youtu.be/DiHErRsPt1U

Shovel Knight Plague of Shadows - Let's be evil!
https://youtu.be/vDp4SW8VqB4

Super Mario Bros - Playing Games With Pamela
https://youtu.be/2D_vLGh9OHQ

Unity Endless Runner Tutorial #11 - Death & Restarting
https://youtu.be/d06ljVEAd78

Unity Endless Runner Tutorial #12 - Score & High Score System
https://youtu.be/9HvTwtfBaYM

Unity Endless Runner Tutorial #13 - Picking Up Coins For Points
https://youtu.be/FaX4B_FMPIg

Unity Endless Runner Tutorial #14 - Random Coin Placement
https://youtu.be/mvBWNw8TU1g

Unity Endless Runner Tutorial #15 - Jump Bug Fix & Double Jump
https://youtu.be/N0T7vwGL4Qg

Unity Endless Runner Tutorial #16 - Making A Main Menu
https://youtu.be/zXCJF8cBVdE

Unity Endless Runner Tutorial #17 - Making An After Death Menu
https://youtu.be/FPXxTyJqIWU

Unity Endless Runner Tutorial #18 - Making a Pause Menu
https://youtu.be/SFOQy6l1DVU

Unity Endless Runner Tutorial #19 - Adding Sound Effects
https://youtu.be/E2UTNUuRpi4

Unity Endless Runner Tutorial #20 - Extra Danger Spikes
https://youtu.be/GjfYKQgPXmo

Unity Endless Runner Tutorial #21 - Creating Powerups
https://youtu.be/oQ58w0sx-io

Unity Endless Runner Tutorial #22 - More About Powerups!
https://youtu.be/X6-r94JtXA0

Unity Endless Runner Tutorial #23 - Final Powerup Fix
https://youtu.be/wxG061EmK78

Unity RPG #5 - Fixing Lines & Camera Control
https://youtu.be/J6BQ4Fcy4cc

Unity RPG Tutorial #1 - Setting Up The Basics
https://youtu.be/Pk3GCgaNVTY

Unity RPG Tutorial #2 - Player Movement
https://youtu.be/Tm2L-_0eIeY

Unity RPG Tutorial #3 - Animating the Player
https://youtu.be/Oao-A7bkve0

Unity RPG Tutorial #4 - Blend Tree Animation
https://youtu.be/M1bEtHOE8z8

Unity RPG Tutorial #6 - Making Tile Maps
https://youtu.be/sVCXgN5_XmY

Unity RPG Tutorial #7 - More Mapping Goodness
https://youtu.be/03-zRkJsoUw

Unity Tips & Tricks - Parallax Scrolling
https://youtu.be/30OuWY1UfcQ
Videos 301-325