
4 stunning action food photos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nia46I3gLFE&pp=sAQA

5 awesome smartphone photography tips
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkdU5sZ_0hI&pp=sAQA

5 photo hacks to paint with light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZaOvr4kBp4&pp=sAQA

5 photo hacks with your umbrella
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gElbwR45zB8&pp=sAQA

5 tips for creative product photography
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srL9iPQ7V5k&pp=sAQA

5 tips to shoot with a mini gimbal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSgA-16K15k&pp=sAQA

6 methods of creating dynamic in photography
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hyo4rWYtgd4&pp=sAQA

6 photography tips for shooting eggs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ON7Duy24LRY&pp=sAQA

6 pictures you can take during lunch break
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5IlRxuFzAo&pp=sAQA

6 pictures you can take with mirrors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvcUGlwonww&pp=sAQA

6 still life pictures with a large object
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCW9NO6LYSc&pp=sAQA

7 ideas for creative lens ball photography
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UsB_GPYbRFk&pp=sAQA

7 methods for posing male models
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FdrsYCVqhyc&pp=sAQA

7 photography tips for shooting time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEwbN6kLJ48&pp=sAQA

7 Tips for Analog Photography with Joe Greer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DiqdWrEGcIw&pp=sAQA

7 tips for black & white street photography with Alan Schaller
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3CiLTW2wg-Y&pp=sAQA

8 DIY lighting tricks for creative photography
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIRpw_O5VzI&pp=sAQA

8 One-Light Studio Setups for Portrait Photography
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LpySp9p258Y&pp=sAQA

A new perspective High angle photography
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0GZjxkTT1Q&pp=sAQA

At home photography ideas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2H2ipjjAiU&pp=sAQA

Awesome Tips To Shoot With A 360° Camera
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ufk70UkoYDs&pp=sAQA

Best of DIY smartphone rigs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yaZE647mX8&pp=sAQA

Best of Photography at home
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJY9J1jXNpg&pp=sAQA

Best of Portrait photography
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsmiCLvN65w&pp=sAQA

Break the rules 5 tips for extraordinary photos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yB2bZNluKdg&pp=sAQA

Car photography with a Tesla Model 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AaRZItldX8&pp=sAQA

Challenge yourself in a hotel room
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mx5ngmMlwQ4&pp=sAQA

Choosing the best SD-Card for EXTREME endurance test
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yaiIm_24q4&pp=sAQA

Cinemagraph ideas for bringing your images to life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKzS_TJKPKY&pp=sAQA

Control the sky with these epic photo manipulation ideas!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhkcNjdgyyI&pp=sAQA

Crazy Ideas To Shoot With A Gimbal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jC0SqUQK3E&pp=sAQA

Created by COOPH The Leica Paracord Strap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQj_hLIHNG8&pp=sAQA

Creative ideas for shadow photography
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hB4kWSKWiKU&pp=sAQA

Droneception - How to create mind-bending drone photos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OyltdyVtxo&pp=sAQA

How to build a pinhole camera
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8r5GifPKkkY&pp=sAQA

How to make a DIY gimbal for smartphones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_b7B7qBAwE&pp=sAQA

How to make your friends invisible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hiNkD8GSyL8&pp=sAQA

How to photograph for one color Red
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgQe3u_4cWk&pp=sAQA

How to picture awareness for a cause
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gh9Xc5P__vg&pp=sAQA

How to shoot and edit multiple exposures
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gu6o4Ho1tE&pp=sAQA

How to shoot animal portraits feat. Vincent Lagrange
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpShFSDGkfo&pp=sAQA

How to succeed in a last-minute photoshoot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iI6koga2i3s&pp=sAQA

How to succeed in a last-minute photoshoot?Check the full video on our channel today #short #shorts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z6MNILZcyCY&pp=sAQA

How to take better landscape photos with your smartphone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FcRLmDCjXdY&pp=sAQA

Ideas for crafty photography composing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AWVyaaYeQkk&pp=sAQA

Less is more photography
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gQnVzslHyKk&pp=sAQA

Levitation photography without photoshop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bDgrn98F4Ps&pp=sAQA

Macro photography ideas to shoot at home
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qbrxlZMS5Y&pp=sAQA

Macro photography refined  6 IDEAS you've NEVER SEEN BEFORE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1SezcvvAxOw&pp=sAQA

One dish different looks - food photography made easy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2utkZOiIK3Q&pp=sAQA

ONE MILLION Subscribers!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNEF3cb4gvU&pp=sAQA

Photographers Duel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggWFR-aHwb4&pp=sAQA

Shrunk subject photography – 8 creative ideas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7AfYKtY7uzY&pp=sAQA

Small World - Creative Smartphone Miniature Figure Photography
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZE8h7GMBhg&pp=sAQA

Smartphone Photography Tips for Shooting Food
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HajzDPwzCxc&pp=sAQA

Stunning photo ideas with coffee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppKV46IMcs0&pp=sAQA

Take your Halloween photography from scary to scary good!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGshlbXp18Q&pp=sAQA

Take your selfies to the next level  7 tips for creative self portraits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UzY6Sp9k-og&pp=sAQA

We want your images
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OVW1fKp5KB8&pp=sAQA

Wide angle smartphone photography
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ah9OtPwd2tw&pp=sAQA
COOPH