
Direct Messages in Realtime with ActionCable  Preview
https://youtu.be/XpQ-oCtsxkU

Disabling ActionCable for Unauthenticated Users
https://youtu.be/MQpuQZ6Y_eo

File uploading in Rails with Shrine
https://youtu.be/Pqfd6tu53Gc

Group Chat Part 6 Browser notifications  Preview
https://youtu.be/q8pPlYul_uE

Group Chat with ActionCable Part 1
https://youtu.be/HEGeoELGTnU

Group Chat with ActionCable Part 2
https://youtu.be/2F_2whstOy4

Group Chat with ActionCable Part 3
https://youtu.be/L7stlK3zKEQ

Group Chat With ActionCable Part 4
https://youtu.be/TvzzaMhF_h0

Group Chat with ActionCable Part 5
https://youtu.be/6V_NVh550TI

Group Chat with ActionCable Part 7  Preview
https://youtu.be/7Z3wx1YNZbk

How ActionCable Uses Redis  Preview
https://youtu.be/Ha8XJYO4sck

Improving In-app Notifications  Preview
https://youtu.be/R83uuSjCRVs

Multi-user Spreadsheets with ActionCable Part 1
https://youtu.be/7B4wG7e9ayw

Multi-user Spreadsheets with ActionCable Part 2
https://youtu.be/qHFc-kZulW0

Multi-user Spreadsheets with ActionCable Part 3
https://youtu.be/DXhysSQIL-4

Multi-user Spreadsheets with ActionCable Part 4
https://youtu.be/r7zotKld22c

Multi-user Spreadsheets with ActionCable Part 5
https://youtu.be/mGOyPfeeMzE

Protecting from XSS with Sanitize
https://youtu.be/L5nIqRBx_Ng

Realtime Notifications with ActionCable  Preview
https://youtu.be/m1B5UTatNws

Sending Email with SMTP And Sendgrid  Preview
https://youtu.be/GaIMhTG-FBE

Shrine Direct Upload to Amazon S3 Part 1  Preview
https://youtu.be/GLSjaOf_-Qg

Shrine Direct Upload to Amazon S3 Part 2  Preview
https://youtu.be/gB4FRZDunRw

Shrine Direct Upload to Amazon S3 Part 3  Preview
https://youtu.be/6wQv9J68ASo

Solving FizzBuzz in Ruby
https://youtu.be/6isUp3uclas

Wrapping Business Logic with Plain Old Ruby Objects  Preview
https://youtu.be/YBzsZr4Jg68
Videos 351-375