
Adam Hopkins - Overcoming access control in web APIs
https://youtu.be/Uqgoj43ky6A&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Alejandro Saucedo - Meditations on First Deployment A Practical Guide to Responsible Development
https://youtu.be/nA6qPL4ag7k&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Amber Vanderburg - Cultivating a Culture of Creativity, Collaboration, and Captainship
https://youtu.be/njg2XmKWD7k&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Anton Chernikov - Automate your tasks with Python and publish with Chat Apps
https://youtu.be/UIdKVF37g0o&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Bruno Paixão - Digital Transformation in the fight against Coronavirus
https://youtu.be/5J_tViVPl3I&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Chiin-Rui Tan - Accessible Python education for schoolgirls using Avocados, Zombies, and Korean!
https://youtu.be/cZlBBGt7GHA&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Ching Lam Choi - Corona-Net
https://youtu.be/57gCQSUv2fY&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Fabian Höring - Building reproducible distributed applications at scale
https://youtu.be/d-XQqBclLnE&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Francisco Passos - Migrating codebases with millions of modules from Python 2 to Python 3
https://youtu.be/ULZdk-a5CGs&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Gautam Prajapati - Advanced Infrastructure Management in Kubernetes using Python
https://youtu.be/A-IM9IBlmgs&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Guido van Rossum - Guido van Rossum Q&A
https://youtu.be/uatPpcnrLaI&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Irene Iriarte - Building The Perfect Personalised Menu Using Python
https://youtu.be/plTCLa2tfjc&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Ivana Kellyerova - How to Avoid Becoming a 10x Engineer
https://youtu.be/0mVIiIwcygU&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

J.M. Ortega - Python Memory Management 101
https://youtu.be/udhpbenZlAg&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Lilian Nandi - Creating the Next Generations of Billionaires - Part 2
https://youtu.be/OgK6iq5Zd0M&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Marc-Andre Lemburg - Running EuroPython 2020 as an online conference
https://youtu.be/h4b7_0Nfnu0&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Mark Smith - Everything You Know About MongoDB is Wrong!
https://youtu.be/ISfzI7LTDL4&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Mason Egger - There’s a Snake in the Birdhouse!
https://youtu.be/OOoGjznwhJU&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Prashant Chaubey - Writing Good Python
https://youtu.be/vnCXToWqz3M&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Reuven Lerner - How to sort anything
https://youtu.be/Z3c2LvEJeu0&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Sangarshanan Veeraraghavan - Interactive Mapmaking with Python
https://youtu.be/cWVKGz4gvwE&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Siddha Ganju - 30 Golden Rules of Deep Learning Performance
https://youtu.be/B98m2k7CKYc&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Stefan Baerisch - Tests that (Almost) Write Themselves
https://youtu.be/CSwm95DLRf4&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

T. Petkos, G. Zisopoulos - Ensuring data integrity with asynchronous programming in a cloud IoT core
https://youtu.be/NuBTiOwMv6o&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Vincent D. Warmerdam - Why Transformers Work
https://youtu.be/cFUSjztXbL8&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW
Videos 101-125