
Rails for Beginners Part 1 Installing Ruby on Rails
https://youtu.be/wkNR1hG4yOk&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 10 Setting up a Git repository and Flash messages
https://youtu.be/5xTkSIuizRs&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 11 Creating the User model
https://youtu.be/cuWoZw1D3oY&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 12 Validations
https://youtu.be/l-Jv5vMjB70&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 13 Creating a Sign Up Form
https://youtu.be/A5-BLCuAyBY&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 14 Handling Sign Up Errors
https://youtu.be/5sT_3Trmtw0&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 15 Login with Session Cookies
https://youtu.be/IzbQAj_tcfI&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 16 Logging Out Users
https://youtu.be/fCunJskZkYI&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 17 Login Form
https://youtu.be/UC5LjuFDQM4&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 18 Accessing the Current User
https://youtu.be/hlpKyOb5yLc&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 19 Edit Password
https://youtu.be/YWdwts1cgjI&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 2 How to create a new Rails app
https://youtu.be/4PLg-Oe3MfA&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 20 Forgot Your Password
https://youtu.be/5azbhq4z3kw&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 21 Reset Password Token Mailer
https://youtu.be/JMXGExhr0C4&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 22 Password Reset Update
https://youtu.be/kTB5z4NcrhM&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 23 Rails Credentials
https://youtu.be/_SnwlA0LvYQ&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 24 OmniAuth URLs [Revised for Omniauth 2.0]
https://youtu.be/FbUWc8Vnu8Y&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 3 How HTTP Requests work in the Browser
https://youtu.be/Bx2mFSsrucM&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 4 The MVC (Model, View, Controller) Pattern
https://youtu.be/lKUR4mu1M-U&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 5 Routes and Route Types
https://youtu.be/lwL_KWtflN0&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 6 The Root Route
https://youtu.be/nM2fTxKJ4O8&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 7 Adding Bootstrap CSS & Javascript
https://youtu.be/EzCl-6etSGI&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 8 Using Partials for the Navbar
https://youtu.be/6wS9-6BFBbs&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

Rails for Beginners Part 9 URL Helpers and link_to
https://youtu.be/Hj_h2v36e1M&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56

[OLD] Rails for Beginners Part 24 OmniAuth URLs
https://youtu.be/-x9wCR3Fv3k&list=PLm8ctt9NhMNV75T9WYIrA6m9I_uw7vS56
Videos 1-25