
Python Basics Better Than Average Full
https://youtu.be/61BSiv3w2bg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMRqTPTXdk5MfKtFqpIkzsD

Python Basics Better than average pt 1
https://youtu.be/uaa8vOCaScM&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMRqTPTXdk5MfKtFqpIkzsD

Python Basics Better than average pt 2
https://youtu.be/85cWmnKr2EM&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMRqTPTXdk5MfKtFqpIkzsD

Python Basics Better than average pt 3
https://youtu.be/gzAGTTe0d2M&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMRqTPTXdk5MfKtFqpIkzsD

Python Basics Computer Guessing Game pt 1
https://youtu.be/dbMv4x147Jw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMRqTPTXdk5MfKtFqpIkzsD

Python Basics Computer Guessing Game pt 3
https://youtu.be/C69dhgHtWgw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMRqTPTXdk5MfKtFqpIkzsD

Python Basics Computer Guessing Game pt 4
https://youtu.be/os52IgBTMS8&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMRqTPTXdk5MfKtFqpIkzsD

Python Basics Computer Guessing Game pt 5
https://youtu.be/0fmSW_RFpas&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMRqTPTXdk5MfKtFqpIkzsD

Python Basics Divisors
https://youtu.be/ZoQnU0G-N8w&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMRqTPTXdk5MfKtFqpIkzsD

Python Basics Factor List Comprehension
https://youtu.be/G4JRgHDs_dI&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMRqTPTXdk5MfKtFqpIkzsD

Python Basics Factors with  For Loop
https://youtu.be/ufZYG6tBgfI&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMRqTPTXdk5MfKtFqpIkzsD

Python Basics GCD Best Practice
https://youtu.be/2Z1LLsUg6sY&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMRqTPTXdk5MfKtFqpIkzsD

Python Basics GCD Part 1
https://youtu.be/Zvrn7_IsBaM&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMRqTPTXdk5MfKtFqpIkzsD

Python Basics Gcd pt 3
https://youtu.be/Ct6_Nf4Dh_A&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMRqTPTXdk5MfKtFqpIkzsD

Python Basics Guessing Computer Game pt 2
https://youtu.be/ZhvhR-JucZo&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMRqTPTXdk5MfKtFqpIkzsD

Python Basics Guessing Game pt  2
https://youtu.be/QXAA5kNvvEo&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMRqTPTXdk5MfKtFqpIkzsD

Python Basics Guessing Game
https://youtu.be/0ZmbhprSOXs&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMRqTPTXdk5MfKtFqpIkzsD

Python Basics How to Find Any Prime Number  nth Prime Number
https://youtu.be/rH9VFA7cHN4&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMRqTPTXdk5MfKtFqpIkzsD

Python Basics Lower Denominator
https://youtu.be/BwxRsgwsmVQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMRqTPTXdk5MfKtFqpIkzsD

Python Basics Lowest Common Denominator (LCD)
https://youtu.be/yoPxYHDI4XQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMRqTPTXdk5MfKtFqpIkzsD

Python Basics Modulo To Find The Remainder of Division
https://youtu.be/1WY5o1uluzg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMRqTPTXdk5MfKtFqpIkzsD

Python Basics Prime Numbers  Pt. 2 The Better way
https://youtu.be/joPlhzYCzpw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMRqTPTXdk5MfKtFqpIkzsD

Python Basics Prime Numbers
https://youtu.be/4CMHEQjjgqo&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMRqTPTXdk5MfKtFqpIkzsD

Python Basics Square Number
https://youtu.be/-WSmXqF-3aI&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMRqTPTXdk5MfKtFqpIkzsD

Python Basics Tutorial Square Root
https://youtu.be/UGac_KqFrn0&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMRqTPTXdk5MfKtFqpIkzsD
Videos 1-25