
2010 Workflows to M365 Power Platform   Power Platform Virtual Conference
https://youtu.be/bV3tY4NEWLQ&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-knAWW60zMB56Ems4RGRg_9

A Modern Factory - Power Platform-based Real-time Production Floor Monitoring
https://youtu.be/r2LogV8s90k&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-knAWW60zMB56Ems4RGRg_9

Adaptive Cards in Office 365 processes  Power Platform Virtual Conference
https://youtu.be/Q2ZpSG_v3nE&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-knAWW60zMB56Ems4RGRg_9

Azure IoT + Power Apps = Perfect match for your 1st IoT Project  Power Platform Virtual Conference
https://youtu.be/fxFOSevM7I0&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-knAWW60zMB56Ems4RGRg_9

Building an Empire - Implementing Power BI Step by Step  Power Platform Virtual Conference
https://youtu.be/pKBk5fRYK04&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-knAWW60zMB56Ems4RGRg_9

Connecting the dots with PowerAutomate, MS Graph and other cool stuff!
https://youtu.be/nu9UU4gxKcI&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-knAWW60zMB56Ems4RGRg_9

Develop AI enabled Applications in PowerApps using AI Builder
https://youtu.be/Q8CUREmwjVM&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-knAWW60zMB56Ems4RGRg_9

Extend your chatbot and unlock the power  Power Platform Virtual Conference
https://youtu.be/QCO0Fe5-_L0&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-knAWW60zMB56Ems4RGRg_9

How to start with Azure Synapse Analytics - Power BI Developer Edition
https://youtu.be/YACdHJk8VJo&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-knAWW60zMB56Ems4RGRg_9

How we can enable Mixed Reality in Power Apps  Power Platform Virtual Conference
https://youtu.be/avSaxGT_M2g&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-knAWW60zMB56Ems4RGRg_9

Keeping up with your Power BI Tenant Administration  Power Platform Virtual Conference
https://youtu.be/aLyL0SGPsT0&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-knAWW60zMB56Ems4RGRg_9

Learn the many ways to use custom fonts in Power Apps  Power Platform Virtual Conference
https://youtu.be/9ZvBIwQTrAM&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-knAWW60zMB56Ems4RGRg_9

Low-code platform - where do the devs fit in
https://youtu.be/6GBaQTs0hVg&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-knAWW60zMB56Ems4RGRg_9

Magnificent 7 - Simple Tricks to boost your Power BI Development Power Platform Virtual Conference
https://youtu.be/mAn0iNdz3go&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-knAWW60zMB56Ems4RGRg_9

Make The Impossible Possible Create Amazing 3D Games with Mixed Reality in Power Apps!
https://youtu.be/EZyzObW9lGo&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-knAWW60zMB56Ems4RGRg_9

Nintex Onprem to Power Platform Migration - Lessons Learned  Power Platform Virtual Conference
https://youtu.be/On9FwjNNPkA&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-knAWW60zMB56Ems4RGRg_9

Power Apps Components What How When  Power Platform Virtual Conference
https://youtu.be/brX2HwnTuS0&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-knAWW60zMB56Ems4RGRg_9

Power Automation Best practices, tips and tricks  Power Platform Virtual Conference
https://youtu.be/7BWIaxpBtW8&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-knAWW60zMB56Ems4RGRg_9

Power BI Pointers  Power Platform Virtual Conference
https://youtu.be/BKJoc0QTSIQ&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-knAWW60zMB56Ems4RGRg_9

Power Platform empowers Microsoft Teams  Power Platform Virtual Conference
https://youtu.be/v1o_P0hzMWY&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-knAWW60zMB56Ems4RGRg_9

Time Intelligence in Power BI  Power Platform Virtual Conference
https://youtu.be/drZh6ICLo4w&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-knAWW60zMB56Ems4RGRg_9

Understanding Microsoft Dataverse
https://youtu.be/5EFvtdAxdxs&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-knAWW60zMB56Ems4RGRg_9

Using Power Virtual Agents to boost Microsoft Teams adoption
https://youtu.be/U1zh4mWZzsQ&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-knAWW60zMB56Ems4RGRg_9

Working with Power Apps Galleries  Power Platform Virtual Conference
https://youtu.be/FQDKePSIzSY&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-knAWW60zMB56Ems4RGRg_9

Zero to Hero in Power Virtual Agents in 50 Minutes
https://youtu.be/ldf_Mbi1utY&list=PLEy5IbO-F1-knAWW60zMB56Ems4RGRg_9
Videos 1-25