
5 Primary Key Mappings Every Developer Should Know with JPA & Hibernate
https://youtu.be/xqHUxn36Y4k&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Advanced Queries 11 JPA & Hibernate query hints every developer should know
https://youtu.be/6NH8icjPCgY&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Best Practices for Many-to-Many Associations with  Hibernate & JPA
https://youtu.be/808pWqjuhMo&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

CockroachDB How to use it with Hibernate
https://youtu.be/04idSDuaTeI&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Database Migration Update your schema without a downtime
https://youtu.be/zpM-lIRscXM&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Enum Mappings with Hibernate â€“ The Complete Guide
https://youtu.be/xIvPDZnaFpM&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Hibernate and JPA Working with Fluent Entities
https://youtu.be/UgX529R0NFQ&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Hibernate Query API
https://youtu.be/fRgB4D2wOV8&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Hibernate Speed up Your Query With Parameter Padding
https://youtu.be/4pJMfYH6KZU&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Hibernate Tip Best way to remove entities from a many-to-many association
https://youtu.be/vYNdjtf7iAQ&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Hibernate Tip Create an EntityGraph with multiple SubGraphs
https://youtu.be/TGdL9_9BxU8&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Hibernate Tip Prevent the Removal of a Parent Entity with Children
https://youtu.be/Jmcord4_ghY&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Implementing the Repository pattern with JPA and Hibernate
https://youtu.be/LRJz0mHPfSc&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

JPA & Hibernate Basic Annotations You Need To Know
https://youtu.be/GKIXI_Vc28k&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

JPA & Hibernate How to use Ehcache as 2nd Level Cache
https://youtu.be/G6Y5wDF6h5Q&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

JPA & Hibernate Using the Optimal Query Approach & Projection
https://youtu.be/IPRfz97-NqA&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

LazyInitializationException What it is and the best way to fix it
https://youtu.be/6p-fuwVxryg&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Mapping BLOBs & CLOBs with JPA and Hibernate
https://youtu.be/uZXfZZ59cjU&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Microservices & Data Implementing the Outbox Pattern with Hibernate
https://youtu.be/cY50MlUuun0&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Old Advanced Queries 11 JPA & Hibernate query hints every developer should know Old
https://youtu.be/8TkrIS9crHs&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Pagination with JPA and Hibernate
https://youtu.be/p_sFYoJ4A_E&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Private video
https://youtu.be/WdRMHWKcugQ&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Projections with JPA and Hibernate
https://youtu.be/jevTat_Jkgg&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Ternary Associations Modelling Associations between 3 Entities
https://youtu.be/vCHWem81E5g&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W

Ultimate Guide to Implementing Equals & HashCode with Hibernate & JPA
https://youtu.be/YoF3RcxbVQ4&list=PL50BZOuKafAZqv419KZIPg9Yf078xb37W
Videos 51-75