
Collaboration and contracting update.url
https://youtu.be/S6_zO6lmcmU&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF8bzHMCVgxp5xyNgwPXZcs

LIVE Back in SF, iOS Contracting Updates, Interview Prep, Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/Lwa4bEyTwV8&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF8bzHMCVgxp5xyNgwPXZcs

LIVE Contracting, Job Hunt, and YouTube Updates Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/cVHt0yWkuqs&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF8bzHMCVgxp5xyNgwPXZcs

LIVE Design Research as an iOS Developer.url
https://youtu.be/VsPKtwlVcCk&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF8bzHMCVgxp5xyNgwPXZcs

LIVE Find Your Work Flow Groove as iOS Dev.url
https://youtu.be/L5E2h2YkLbw&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF8bzHMCVgxp5xyNgwPXZcs

LIVE Getting too tricky with your iOS app - Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/xwhqvx5n8Ik&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF8bzHMCVgxp5xyNgwPXZcs

LIVE Giveaway, Interview Prep Plans, iMac Pro, Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/FlFlKZkiEYM&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF8bzHMCVgxp5xyNgwPXZcs

LIVE How I Get iOS Contracts and Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/iFfqKv_spH8&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF8bzHMCVgxp5xyNgwPXZcs

LIVE iOS Contracting & Freelancing - Types of Contracts, Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/u09J7WeFmUU&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF8bzHMCVgxp5xyNgwPXZcs

LIVE iOS Contracting Time Management & Q & A on iOS Interviews.url
https://youtu.be/kIFtyKmB1T4&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF8bzHMCVgxp5xyNgwPXZcs

LIVE iOS Contracting, Mentoring, ARKit, and Q & A.url
https://youtu.be/lSrcsxpy3AI&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF8bzHMCVgxp5xyNgwPXZcs

LIVE iOS Dev Online Presence - Why it's Important. Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/77aNh6Cf7lU&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF8bzHMCVgxp5xyNgwPXZcs

LIVE iOS Dev Portfolios & Resumes, Updates, Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/2mM9jDjeWP8&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF8bzHMCVgxp5xyNgwPXZcs

LIVE iOS Interviews - Take Home Projects, Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/_hacUzOcpbw&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF8bzHMCVgxp5xyNgwPXZcs

LIVE iOS Job Interview Process.url
https://youtu.be/Ui1wi8Qy8qI&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF8bzHMCVgxp5xyNgwPXZcs

LIVE iOS Jobs - Startup vs. Big Company vs. Contracting.url
https://youtu.be/aQrEWVSGh6o&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF8bzHMCVgxp5xyNgwPXZcs

LIVE iOS Sub-Contracting and Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/mHwu7rKr4vI&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF8bzHMCVgxp5xyNgwPXZcs

LIVE Live coding. What could go wrong Building a UITableView w Custom Cells & Delegation.url
https://youtu.be/uR86GER9FmA&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF8bzHMCVgxp5xyNgwPXZcs

LIVE Live Stream Break, Contracting Update, Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/Si-y9V6AUks&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF8bzHMCVgxp5xyNgwPXZcs

LIVE Project updates, Where have I been, and Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/u_qb1fR2ZCM&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF8bzHMCVgxp5xyNgwPXZcs

LIVE Stream is back! Updates, iPhone X, and Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/8u8SkK-rjOE&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF8bzHMCVgxp5xyNgwPXZcs

LIVE Subscriber Code Review and Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/3gPcaUfCUgE&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF8bzHMCVgxp5xyNgwPXZcs

LIVE Taking breaks, Advanced Swift Book, Sphero R2-D2, and Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/lYE7TDJCwyQ&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF8bzHMCVgxp5xyNgwPXZcs

LIVE The Last Live Stream... For Now... Contracting update & Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/rVt6ng7s5ss&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF8bzHMCVgxp5xyNgwPXZcs

LIVE Where have I been iOS Contracting and Q&A.url
https://youtu.be/5y2UUtxUapc&list=PL8seg1JPkqgF8bzHMCVgxp5xyNgwPXZcs
Videos 26-50