
Rails for Beginners Part 1 Installing Ruby on Rails
https://youtu.be/wkNR1hG4yOk

Rails for Beginners Part 12 Validations
https://youtu.be/l-Jv5vMjB70

Rails for Beginners Part 13 Creating a Sign Up Form
https://youtu.be/A5-BLCuAyBY

Rails for Beginners Part 14 Handling Sign Up Errors
https://youtu.be/5sT_3Trmtw0

Rails for Beginners Part 18 Accessing the Current User
https://youtu.be/hlpKyOb5yLc

Rails for Beginners Part 19 Edit Password
https://youtu.be/YWdwts1cgjI

Rails for Beginners Part 20 Forgot Your Password
https://youtu.be/5azbhq4z3kw

Rails for Beginners Part 21 Reset Password Token Mailer
https://youtu.be/JMXGExhr0C4

Rails for Beginners Part 23 Rails Credentials
https://youtu.be/_SnwlA0LvYQ

Rails for Beginners Part 25 Twitter Account Model
https://youtu.be/o48-i4m6W78

Rails for Beginners Part 26 Table Plus
https://youtu.be/0jhSV6BQJXg

Rails for Beginners Part 28 Setting Records with Before Actions
https://youtu.be/1cGrocFSGIE

Rails for Beginners Part 29 Tweets Index & New Actions
https://youtu.be/dYx0mUDK1Xc

Rails for Beginners Part 30 Tweet Validations
https://youtu.be/B7Rq4538W1o

Rails for Beginners Part 31 Tweet Partial
https://youtu.be/jxsf6-bWJcY

Rails for Beginners Part 32 Edit and Destroy Tweets
https://youtu.be/IG-lEKwv_fE

Rails for Beginners Part 33 Twitter API
https://youtu.be/tvDq_JJenjs

Rails for Beginners Part 34 Background Job for Posting Tweets
https://youtu.be/vvNJlgiQtGQ

Rails for Beginners Part 35 Editing Tweets
https://youtu.be/4D3Ub3_e3EA

Rails for Beginners Part 38 Deploying to Heroku
https://youtu.be/bQ2wXZf9irA

Rails for Beginners Part 39 Dependent Destroy Model Associations
https://youtu.be/TZkRZsLsjFM

Rails for Beginners Part 4 The MVC (Model, View, Controller) Pattern
https://youtu.be/lKUR4mu1M-U

Rails for Beginners Part 41 Next Steps
https://youtu.be/ZxuUAUQGdN8

Rails for Beginners Part 6 The Root Route
https://youtu.be/nM2fTxKJ4O8

Rails Fragment Caching with Permissions  Preview
https://youtu.be/jeX-qIZHkZc
Videos 76-100