
Al Newkirk - Writing Contracts in Perl
https://youtu.be/Z-OJKAJ5w9Q&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Andrew Rodland   StatsD and You
https://youtu.be/69myeluuNTc&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Brock Wilcox (awwaiid) - Introduction to AngularJS
https://youtu.be/VdB4SUCsmsU&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Carl Mäsak (masak) - JavaScript Has Already Won
https://youtu.be/klswJ9aexjs&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Carl Mäsak - ?Regexes in Perl 6 - Zero to Perl 6 Training?
https://youtu.be/oo-gA9Z9SaA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Casey West - How To Be A Web UI Developer
https://youtu.be/68O0Wso_XuU&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Curtis Poe (Ovid) - Roles versus Inheritance
https://youtu.be/cjoWu4eq1Tw&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Daniel Nichter - Quick Cure for the Shame of Untested Software
https://youtu.be/AjN3FbWz1YU&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Geoffrey Broadwell - ?The Need for Speed Benchmarking Perl 6?
https://youtu.be/h5sSuL9OueE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Jonathan Rockway (jrockway) - Introduction to Dart
https://youtu.be/NdCchnJNfzU&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Jonathan Worthington - Rakudo Perl 6 Debugger Highlights
https://youtu.be/7nISwfLoAoU&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Jud Dagnall - Perl, Hive and Pig, Oh My
https://youtu.be/TJbCZm-RkJE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Karen Pauley - The Perl Foundation 2012-2013
https://youtu.be/Hm-LgSQl0yo&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Katherine Toomajian - ?The Care and Feeding of Volunteers Lessons from Non-Profits and OSS?
https://youtu.be/rVN6Kz6R7SU&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Lightning Talks Tuesday
https://youtu.be/WwtyQh4IfbA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Liz - Perl's Diaspora
https://youtu.be/P0pm5eUOhbY&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Mark Keating - Perl of Christmas Past
https://youtu.be/92sKmO-AHZQ&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Mark Stosberg - ?Techniques to speed up large test suites?
https://youtu.be/sDUnWGuJn5A&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Mateu Hunter - Jumpstart ElasticSearch
https://youtu.be/rTgFNGq5GbU&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Matt S Trout - Architecture Automation, One Alligator At A Time
https://youtu.be/3xQqLNBeokc&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Nick Patch - Unicode Best Practices
https://youtu.be/X2FQHUHjo8M&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

R Geoffrey Avery - ?Dancer Getting to Hello World?
https://youtu.be/RRKAQs4__6Y&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Stevan Little - Moe Status Update
https://youtu.be/279c5sHJpCQ&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Tim Bunce - Profiling Memory Usage
https://youtu.be/GIIeOntmojg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX

Walt Mankowski (waltman) - Hack Your Mac with Perl
https://youtu.be/uHmagq90-6Y&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFy0zej1j4QZtz5awFKXunZX
Videos 1-25