
A guerilla gardener in South Central LA  Ron Finley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EzZzZ_qpZ4w&list=

Alessandra Orofino It’s our city. Let’s fix it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zMGE3mbS9NY&list=

Amanda Burden How public spaces make cities work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7fRIGphgtk&list=

Aziza Chaouni How I brought a river, and my city, back to life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4UFlldZuKk&list=

Bill Davenhall Your health depends on where you live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62cNtvx6P8E&list=

Chris Downey Design with the blind in mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apiScBmE6rA&list=

Enrique Peñalosa Why buses represent democracy in action
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3YjeARuilI&list=

Eric Dishman Health care should be a team sport
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VT3XyORCFDA&list=

Ernest Madu Bringing world-class health care to the poorest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IN88mI8zpSg&list=

Every city needs healthy honey bees - Noah Wilson-Rich
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwGoZA8ZpHo&list=

Gary Slutkin Let's treat violence like a contagious disease
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZNrOzgNWf4&list=

How an obese town lost a million pounds  Mick Cornett
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raCIUeGUr3s&list=

Jeff Speck The walkable city
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wai4ub90stQ&list=

Mental Health for All by Involving All  Vikram Patel  TED Talks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzm4gpAKrBk&list=

Mohamed Ali The link between unemployment and terrorism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlggecnjOY0&list=

Rebecca Onie What if our healthcare system kept us healthy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BoRUrWcdkQ4&list=

Steven Johnson A guided tour of the Ghost Map
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KvHL0dHj3RM&list=

The power of herd immunity (with English subtitles)  Romina Libster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWObti8KNc4&list=

Toni Griffin A new vision for rebuilding Detroit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AegIbt2j0sU&list=

What makes us get sick Look upstream  Rishi Manchanda
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJEwC4wCM70&list=

Xavier Vilalta Architecture at home in its community
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2G0wQfUl9EU&list=
Ideas for healthier cities