
Array introduction in php
https://youtu.be/kIZYP_Gh53U&list=PL2S5kpvp32F-WrfPxyTOnaTY0kri1Tbl-

Change date format in php
https://youtu.be/cfJprLIibqI&list=PL2S5kpvp32F-WrfPxyTOnaTY0kri1Tbl-

Difference Between == and ===
https://youtu.be/5LO_25L6EUM&list=PL2S5kpvp32F-WrfPxyTOnaTY0kri1Tbl-

foreach with indexing array in php
https://youtu.be/PBKUUSt6pjM&list=PL2S5kpvp32F-WrfPxyTOnaTY0kri1Tbl-

function with global variable in php
https://youtu.be/ydmtWUdm6u4&list=PL2S5kpvp32F-WrfPxyTOnaTY0kri1Tbl-

function with parameter
https://youtu.be/zM_f8fCGNGg&list=PL2S5kpvp32F-WrfPxyTOnaTY0kri1Tbl-

function with return statement in php
https://youtu.be/_CCuuJXL-jc&list=PL2S5kpvp32F-WrfPxyTOnaTY0kri1Tbl-

PHP Arithmetic Operator
https://youtu.be/eGKiwvdN6o8&list=PL2S5kpvp32F-WrfPxyTOnaTY0kri1Tbl-

PHP Date Function
https://youtu.be/75SNGvTgjds&list=PL2S5kpvp32F-WrfPxyTOnaTY0kri1Tbl-

php echo and print function
https://youtu.be/eCA2Sg6VwBo&list=PL2S5kpvp32F-WrfPxyTOnaTY0kri1Tbl-

PHP First Application
https://youtu.be/qNxuvxyMLnc&list=PL2S5kpvp32F-WrfPxyTOnaTY0kri1Tbl-

PHP Full Form
https://youtu.be/8gOLOh8YI70&list=PL2S5kpvp32F-WrfPxyTOnaTY0kri1Tbl-

PHP Function Introduction
https://youtu.be/IYa-Go7P9-Y&list=PL2S5kpvp32F-WrfPxyTOnaTY0kri1Tbl-

PHP HISTORY PART-2
https://youtu.be/ZsWXdQ_-xoo&list=PL2S5kpvp32F-WrfPxyTOnaTY0kri1Tbl-

php history part1
https://youtu.be/CUXeqwqkLlc&list=PL2S5kpvp32F-WrfPxyTOnaTY0kri1Tbl-

PHP Introduction for Beginners  in Hindi  - Part 1
https://youtu.be/0lQbpHy8TQU&list=PL2S5kpvp32F-WrfPxyTOnaTY0kri1Tbl-

php introduction part2 by shanu sir
https://youtu.be/N8HFanfHM60&list=PL2S5kpvp32F-WrfPxyTOnaTY0kri1Tbl-

php logical operator by shanu sir
https://youtu.be/tbQFB6uW8bk&list=PL2S5kpvp32F-WrfPxyTOnaTY0kri1Tbl-

PHP Password Encrypt and Decrypt Process in Hindi
https://youtu.be/JkOol-5EXFc&list=PL2S5kpvp32F-WrfPxyTOnaTY0kri1Tbl-

PHP Relational Operator
https://youtu.be/6fa4ScPVZIY&list=PL2S5kpvp32F-WrfPxyTOnaTY0kri1Tbl-

PHP Variable Part -1
https://youtu.be/QB-5hzMV3lk&list=PL2S5kpvp32F-WrfPxyTOnaTY0kri1Tbl-

PHP Variable Part -2
https://youtu.be/E7QHZakxwNw&list=PL2S5kpvp32F-WrfPxyTOnaTY0kri1Tbl-

PHP Variable Program
https://youtu.be/PDcXXLuv6r0&list=PL2S5kpvp32F-WrfPxyTOnaTY0kri1Tbl-

PHP Variables Part-3
https://youtu.be/ZassOI3ElLM&list=PL2S5kpvp32F-WrfPxyTOnaTY0kri1Tbl-

using ternary operator insted of if-else
https://youtu.be/Qm-7ZxedpY8&list=PL2S5kpvp32F-WrfPxyTOnaTY0kri1Tbl-
Videos 1-25