
01 Automate my Task Selecting an Area
https://youtu.be/XySUzOXct_A&list=PL3JprvrxlW26nNpbYUUlGdCnSit9vw9Ov

02 Automate my Task Taking actions on what was found
https://youtu.be/Yce-sRSJglo&list=PL3JprvrxlW26nNpbYUUlGdCnSit9vw9Ov

03 Automate my Task Double Clicking an item
https://youtu.be/tK0nIXU6xtM&list=PL3JprvrxlW26nNpbYUUlGdCnSit9vw9Ov

04 Automate my Task Choose Matching Index
https://youtu.be/W5Zcts0LhOE&list=PL3JprvrxlW26nNpbYUUlGdCnSit9vw9Ov

05 Automate my Task Recapture and Color-Threshold
https://youtu.be/-VbhYBMbNxU&list=PL3JprvrxlW26nNpbYUUlGdCnSit9vw9Ov

06 Automate my Task Steps Creating Multiple Steps, Duplicating, Deleting, and Clearing them
https://youtu.be/AYMiRMvCPs8&list=PL3JprvrxlW26nNpbYUUlGdCnSit9vw9Ov

07 Automate my Task Setting text and Offsetting text edit windows
https://youtu.be/UIUddxf9w2Q&list=PL3JprvrxlW26nNpbYUUlGdCnSit9vw9Ov

08 Automate my Task Window Title Matching and Window Class
https://youtu.be/YaEyoEELrgw&list=PL3JprvrxlW26nNpbYUUlGdCnSit9vw9Ov

09 Automate my Task Waiting for a Window to Exist
https://youtu.be/2YHHpPxu8aM&list=PL3JprvrxlW26nNpbYUUlGdCnSit9vw9Ov

10 Automate my Task Exporting the script and Function to AutoHotkey syntax
https://youtu.be/c0Oe2a9_dv8&list=PL3JprvrxlW26nNpbYUUlGdCnSit9vw9Ov

11- Automate my Task- Changing the Capture Size
https://youtu.be/dnoHv74WBGM&list=PL3JprvrxlW26nNpbYUUlGdCnSit9vw9Ov

12 Automate my Task When things go wrong and User Feedback
https://youtu.be/3XQ5Qu2Fr2M&list=PL3JprvrxlW26nNpbYUUlGdCnSit9vw9Ov

Amazing AutoHotkey resources cheat sheet  74 great links to AHK topics
https://youtu.be/6sB2VFZt628&list=PL3JprvrxlW26nNpbYUUlGdCnSit9vw9Ov

Amazing free AutoClicker for Windows  Easily automate clicking with AmT
https://youtu.be/naX9W5QvHTE&list=PL3JprvrxlW26nNpbYUUlGdCnSit9vw9Ov

Announcing the 2020 AutoHotkey User Survey
https://youtu.be/iF9B8vdp98c&list=PL3JprvrxlW26nNpbYUUlGdCnSit9vw9Ov

AutoHotkey Webinar 042020 Hour 1- Automate my Task
https://youtu.be/-pbgMiP7FS4&list=PL3JprvrxlW26nNpbYUUlGdCnSit9vw9Ov

Black Friday sale on Udemy- Hurry and save big learning AutoHotkey today!
https://youtu.be/LZ-SIA6cuLU&list=PL3JprvrxlW26nNpbYUUlGdCnSit9vw9Ov

Help the Automator by posting my Link on  your AutoHotkey forum signature
https://youtu.be/mu9MBGuZAMQ&list=PL3JprvrxlW26nNpbYUUlGdCnSit9vw9Ov

I hit my 3,000 subscriber in record time!
https://youtu.be/m9ztQexiwV8&list=PL3JprvrxlW26nNpbYUUlGdCnSit9vw9Ov

Intro to Automate my Task
https://youtu.be/0TkuIiUd6t0&list=PL3JprvrxlW26nNpbYUUlGdCnSit9vw9Ov

Updates to Automate my Task & YOUR feedback, thoughts, ideas
https://youtu.be/rHhCqQEg_8Y&list=PL3JprvrxlW26nNpbYUUlGdCnSit9vw9Ov

What AutoHotkey course should we create next
https://youtu.be/zc6TMPcMtPg&list=PL3JprvrxlW26nNpbYUUlGdCnSit9vw9Ov

Why you should learn AutoHotkey! Some most common uses of AutoHotkey
https://youtu.be/HXrqHr0ldI0&list=PL3JprvrxlW26nNpbYUUlGdCnSit9vw9Ov
Videos 1-25