
100% Stateless with JWT (JSON Web Token) by Hubert Sablonnière
https://youtu.be/67mezK3NzpU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrP_MJaOWvaK9-OTNX2oFwB

A Crash Course in Modern Hardware by Cliff Click
https://youtu.be/OFgxAFdxYAQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrP_MJaOWvaK9-OTNX2oFwB

Continuous Delivery At GitHub by Alain Hélaïli
https://youtu.be/cIJ4sKaoF8A&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrP_MJaOWvaK9-OTNX2oFwB

Declarative Thinking, Declarative Practice by Kevlin Henney
https://youtu.be/NSzsYWckGd4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrP_MJaOWvaK9-OTNX2oFwB

Deep Dive into JUnit 5 by Sam Brannen
https://youtu.be/UHN_HcjZa7o&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrP_MJaOWvaK9-OTNX2oFwB

Easily secure your Front and back applications with KeyCloak by Sebastien Blanc
https://youtu.be/RGp4HUKikts&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrP_MJaOWvaK9-OTNX2oFwB

Effective Service API Design by Elliotte Rusty Harold
https://youtu.be/JG00rfoWVeU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrP_MJaOWvaK9-OTNX2oFwB

Flying services with the drone by Krzysztof Kudrynski and Blazej Kubiak
https://youtu.be/aaZMh4IqMcM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrP_MJaOWvaK9-OTNX2oFwB

How Angular Makes the Mobile Web Awesome by Stephen Fluin
https://youtu.be/0-Nh-ur83P4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrP_MJaOWvaK9-OTNX2oFwB

How Google DeepMind conquered the game of Go by Roy van Rijn
https://youtu.be/derC33ODrME&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrP_MJaOWvaK9-OTNX2oFwB

Java EE, TypeScript and Angular2 by Antonio Goncalves and Sébastien Pertus
https://youtu.be/ki2ZgosjVyw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrP_MJaOWvaK9-OTNX2oFwB

Java Language and Platform Futures A Sneak Peek by Brian Goetz
https://youtu.be/oGll155-vuQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrP_MJaOWvaK9-OTNX2oFwB

Javaslang - Functional Java The Easy Way by David Schmitz
https://youtu.be/5M3AzAk70SM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrP_MJaOWvaK9-OTNX2oFwB

Machine Learning for Developers by Danilo Poccia and Sebastien Stormacq
https://youtu.be/un6hdGh7jUs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrP_MJaOWvaK9-OTNX2oFwB

Make CSS Fun Again with Flexbox! by Hubert Sablonnière
https://youtu.be/1oKlYgsnyfw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrP_MJaOWvaK9-OTNX2oFwB

Modular monoliths by Simon Brown
https://youtu.be/kbKxmEeuvc4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrP_MJaOWvaK9-OTNX2oFwB

Optional - The Mother of All Bikesheds by Stuart Marks
https://youtu.be/Ej0sss6cq14&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrP_MJaOWvaK9-OTNX2oFwB

Reactive Programming by Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/weWSYIUdX6c&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrP_MJaOWvaK9-OTNX2oFwB

Refactoring to Java 8 by Trisha Gee
https://youtu.be/NcetKbGayZY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrP_MJaOWvaK9-OTNX2oFwB

Security and Microservices by Sam Newman
https://youtu.be/ZXGaC3GR3zU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrP_MJaOWvaK9-OTNX2oFwB

The end of polling  why and how to transform a REST API into a Data Streaming API by Audrey Neveu
https://youtu.be/NDDp7BiSad4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrP_MJaOWvaK9-OTNX2oFwB

Thinking In Parallel by Stuart Marks and Brian Goetz
https://youtu.be/2nup6Oizpcw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrP_MJaOWvaK9-OTNX2oFwB

Twelve Ways to Make Code Suck Less by Venkat Subramaniam
https://youtu.be/nVZE53IYi4w&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrP_MJaOWvaK9-OTNX2oFwB

Using Machine Learning to Enhance your Apps by Sara Robinson and Mete Atamel
https://youtu.be/kiy1uTW1CRI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrP_MJaOWvaK9-OTNX2oFwB

Zen & The Art of Angular 2 by Igor Minar
https://youtu.be/3eOFCn5COvc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVrP_MJaOWvaK9-OTNX2oFwB
Videos 1-25