
1917 Trailer #2 (2019)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/TOkun-ZityQ&list=PLScC8g4bqD47s5KbA3NkVp1cJSa9HMM4j

2020 Best Picture Nominees  Movieclips
https://youtu.be/nIOZPu2Yki4&list=PLScC8g4bqD47s5KbA3NkVp1cJSa9HMM4j

2020 Oscar Predictions How To Win Your Ballot  Rotten Tomatoes
https://youtu.be/esnDj85gnsI&list=PLScC8g4bqD47s5KbA3NkVp1cJSa9HMM4j

2020 Oscars Best Picture Nominee Trailers  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/Yqe1Dz0OHII&list=PLScC8g4bqD47s5KbA3NkVp1cJSa9HMM4j

American Factory Trailer #1 (2019)  Rotten Tomatoes TV
https://youtu.be/TCl_mmWGnKU&list=PLScC8g4bqD47s5KbA3NkVp1cJSa9HMM4j

Bombshell Trailer #1 (2019)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/B2G9-KhBek8&list=PLScC8g4bqD47s5KbA3NkVp1cJSa9HMM4j

Ford v Ferrari Trailer #1 (2019)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/Vo96qDiGUiI&list=PLScC8g4bqD47s5KbA3NkVp1cJSa9HMM4j

Honeyland Trailer #1 (2019)  Movieclips Indie
https://youtu.be/isbiUzrKnVU&list=PLScC8g4bqD47s5KbA3NkVp1cJSa9HMM4j

Joaquin Phoenix Talks Crafting the Joker's Bloodcurdling Laugh  'Joker' Interview  Fandango
https://youtu.be/ThYJUZtNXt0&list=PLScC8g4bqD47s5KbA3NkVp1cJSa9HMM4j

Jojo Rabbit Trailer #1 (2019)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/ZkKaDXapi1o&list=PLScC8g4bqD47s5KbA3NkVp1cJSa9HMM4j

Joker Teaser Trailer #1 (2019)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/xRc3WviXk2M&list=PLScC8g4bqD47s5KbA3NkVp1cJSa9HMM4j

Judy Trailer #2 (2019)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/98t7aXRaA6w&list=PLScC8g4bqD47s5KbA3NkVp1cJSa9HMM4j

Little Women Trailer #1 (2019)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/2kUTUCg6_R0&list=PLScC8g4bqD47s5KbA3NkVp1cJSa9HMM4j

Marriage Story Trailer #1 (2019)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/5XTlfPKBIOM&list=PLScC8g4bqD47s5KbA3NkVp1cJSa9HMM4j

Once Upon a Time in Hollywood Trailer #1 (2019)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/TMrIOUQKXCM&list=PLScC8g4bqD47s5KbA3NkVp1cJSa9HMM4j

Oscars Short Film Nominees Trailer (2020)  Movieclips Indie
https://youtu.be/L51rz7wmPac&list=PLScC8g4bqD47s5KbA3NkVp1cJSa9HMM4j

Pain and Glory Trailer #1 (2019)  Movieclips Indie
https://youtu.be/mVGOsrb1H6E&list=PLScC8g4bqD47s5KbA3NkVp1cJSa9HMM4j

Parasite Trailer #1 (2019)  Movieclips Indie
https://youtu.be/SWSDQfJQhUg&list=PLScC8g4bqD47s5KbA3NkVp1cJSa9HMM4j

Renee Zellweger on Judy Garland and Today's Greatest Performer of All  'Judy' Interview  Fandango
https://youtu.be/qXkjzuqrgxg&list=PLScC8g4bqD47s5KbA3NkVp1cJSa9HMM4j

Rocketman Trailer #1 (2019)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/pLePT0WLOLs&list=PLScC8g4bqD47s5KbA3NkVp1cJSa9HMM4j

The Cast of 'Little Women' Talk Group Texts, Fancy Wardrobe & Meryl Streep  Fandango All Access
https://youtu.be/VkBxwVRu2Ps&list=PLScC8g4bqD47s5KbA3NkVp1cJSa9HMM4j

Toy Story 4 Trailer #1 (2019)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/lZHUmQ-dCXM&list=PLScC8g4bqD47s5KbA3NkVp1cJSa9HMM4j
2020 Oscar Winners