
After Effects for iOS Developers Dynamic Content in Animations
https://youtu.be/2HhgLir6Jz0&list=PLY1P2_piiWEbmcJavh2-M2hXdPPbj5K4e

iOS and Swift Beginner Tutorial App like Twitter using Parse Part 1
https://youtu.be/Q6kTw_cK3zY&list=PLY1P2_piiWEbmcJavh2-M2hXdPPbj5K4e

iOS and Swift Beginner Tutorial App like Twitter using Parse Part 2
https://youtu.be/Q6qcrO8uNzU&list=PLY1P2_piiWEbmcJavh2-M2hXdPPbj5K4e

iOS and Swift Beginner Tutorial Data and Files in the cloud with Parse
https://youtu.be/RBnVWWqFZX0&list=PLY1P2_piiWEbmcJavh2-M2hXdPPbj5K4e

iOS and Swift Beginner Tutorial Remote Push Notifications
https://youtu.be/__zMnlsfwj4&list=PLY1P2_piiWEbmcJavh2-M2hXdPPbj5K4e

iOS and Swift Beginner Tutorial Simple To-Do-List iOS App Part 1
https://youtu.be/sxDSc2Z2W4g&list=PLY1P2_piiWEbmcJavh2-M2hXdPPbj5K4e

iOS and Swift Beginner Tutorial Simple To-Do-List iOS App Part 2
https://youtu.be/mEYHd91YzNI&list=PLY1P2_piiWEbmcJavh2-M2hXdPPbj5K4e

iOS Swift Closures Tutorial Create a basic Flickr Viewer
https://youtu.be/09WRT55cJeE&list=PLY1P2_piiWEbmcJavh2-M2hXdPPbj5K4e

iOS Swift Tutorial Asynchronous Programming - Flickr Gallery
https://youtu.be/gyluPwsPZ8c&list=PLY1P2_piiWEbmcJavh2-M2hXdPPbj5K4e

iOS Swift Tutorial Automatic Image Classification with Visual Recognition from IBM Watson
https://youtu.be/cBMdEbbaiv4&list=PLY1P2_piiWEbmcJavh2-M2hXdPPbj5K4e

iOS Swift Tutorial Buildung and Adding Frameworks with Carthage
https://youtu.be/jLwx6sDjsIA&list=PLY1P2_piiWEbmcJavh2-M2hXdPPbj5K4e

iOS Swift Tutorial Cool Animated Checkbox Control 0824 ðŸŽ„
https://youtu.be/juMWo5wniKg&list=PLY1P2_piiWEbmcJavh2-M2hXdPPbj5K4e

iOS Swift Tutorial Create a Circular Transition Animation (Custom UIViewController Transitions)
https://youtu.be/B9sH_VxPPo4&list=PLY1P2_piiWEbmcJavh2-M2hXdPPbj5K4e

iOS Swift Tutorial Create a custom control - Blurry Sidebar
https://youtu.be/qaLiZgUK2T0&list=PLY1P2_piiWEbmcJavh2-M2hXdPPbj5K4e

iOS Swift Tutorial Create an Animated Control - Stacked Menu
https://youtu.be/lVuHagEBTqk&list=PLY1P2_piiWEbmcJavh2-M2hXdPPbj5K4e

iOS Swift Tutorial Easy Text Recognition with Tesseract OCR
https://youtu.be/DTQ1z_8KXZo&list=PLY1P2_piiWEbmcJavh2-M2hXdPPbj5K4e

iOS Swift Tutorial Face detection
https://youtu.be/62kUursmc4E&list=PLY1P2_piiWEbmcJavh2-M2hXdPPbj5K4e

iOS Swift Tutorial inApp Purchases - Setup and Integration
https://youtu.be/NMdVZ592ZZE&list=PLY1P2_piiWEbmcJavh2-M2hXdPPbj5K4e

iOS Swift Tutorial Insane Animations with AfterEffects and Lottie
https://youtu.be/ESjFEaZx7UI&list=PLY1P2_piiWEbmcJavh2-M2hXdPPbj5K4e

iOS Swift Tutorial Interactive Animations with After Effects and Lottie
https://youtu.be/QyL-jp9bFdM&list=PLY1P2_piiWEbmcJavh2-M2hXdPPbj5K4e

iOS Swift Tutorial Keyboard covering textView or textField
https://youtu.be/3WWgBJkBQWM&list=PLY1P2_piiWEbmcJavh2-M2hXdPPbj5K4e

iOS Swift Tutorial Material Design Onboarding with Cool Animations
https://youtu.be/G5UkS4Mrepo&list=PLY1P2_piiWEbmcJavh2-M2hXdPPbj5K4e

iOS Swift Tutorial Parse Local Data Store and Reachability
https://youtu.be/78mC9k3PDDc&list=PLY1P2_piiWEbmcJavh2-M2hXdPPbj5K4e

iOS Swift Tutorial Stream Music from Spotify
https://youtu.be/GeO00YdJ3cE&list=PLY1P2_piiWEbmcJavh2-M2hXdPPbj5K4e
Custom controls and 3rd party frameworks