
Little Town - Session 02 - 01 Creating Objects with Collisions
https://youtu.be/HC2wjSIHlXc&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5JsBbXZYYdNj7nk9QZBcYqk

Little Town - Session 02 - 02 Collision Masks
https://youtu.be/XDwiyRCDzKo&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5JsBbXZYYdNj7nk9QZBcYqk

Little Town - Session 02 - 03 Creating Environmental Details
https://youtu.be/qT1h2EmlJ5M&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5JsBbXZYYdNj7nk9QZBcYqk

Little Town - Session 02 - 04 Filling Out The Town
https://youtu.be/iNNLFZTAd7w&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5JsBbXZYYdNj7nk9QZBcYqk

Little Town - Session 02 - 05 Keeping the Player in Bounds
https://youtu.be/fLENHN1QYxw&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5JsBbXZYYdNj7nk9QZBcYqk

Little Town - Session 02 - 06 Creating the Baker
https://youtu.be/fHYH-e4S9DM&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5JsBbXZYYdNj7nk9QZBcYqk

Little Town - Session 02 - 07 Editing Sprite Animations
https://youtu.be/l1bXhLzwoMw&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5JsBbXZYYdNj7nk9QZBcYqk

Little Town - Session 02 - 08 Thinking Parent Objects
https://youtu.be/UcCm686dQ1s&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5JsBbXZYYdNj7nk9QZBcYqk

Little Town - Session 02 - 09 Variable Definitions
https://youtu.be/8kMP6jNZD3s&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5JsBbXZYYdNj7nk9QZBcYqk

Little Town - Session 02 - 10 Controlling Animation with Alarms
https://youtu.be/mTH8cTUlrOA&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5JsBbXZYYdNj7nk9QZBcYqk

Little Town - Session 02 - 11 Our First Alarm
https://youtu.be/1tsN2lLxFPI&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5JsBbXZYYdNj7nk9QZBcYqk

Little Town - Session 02 - 12 Using Variable Definitions
https://youtu.be/FaHkNI6d-Gs&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5JsBbXZYYdNj7nk9QZBcYqk

Little Town - Session 02 - 13 Populate The Town
https://youtu.be/sEKeO58krxs&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5JsBbXZYYdNj7nk9QZBcYqk

Little Town - Session 02 - 14 Detecting the NPCs
https://youtu.be/32Qdt2BgPnQ&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5JsBbXZYYdNj7nk9QZBcYqk

Little Town - Session 02 - 15 Using Debug Messages
https://youtu.be/9CpGsdWxkC8&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5JsBbXZYYdNj7nk9QZBcYqk

Little Town - Session 02 - 16 Updating Collision Masks
https://youtu.be/ICiVAwK6yUI&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5JsBbXZYYdNj7nk9QZBcYqk

Little Town - Session 02 - 17 Sound and Music
https://youtu.be/CilTasYXtxU&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5JsBbXZYYdNj7nk9QZBcYqk

Little Town - Session 02 - 18 Using Control Objects
https://youtu.be/iAvGuv8xHzY&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5JsBbXZYYdNj7nk9QZBcYqk

Little Town - Session 02 - 19 Say Hello With Sound
https://youtu.be/klTXLjUX8pI&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5JsBbXZYYdNj7nk9QZBcYqk

Little Town - Session 02 - 20 Using Variables
https://youtu.be/JfGxvy_dJLk&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5JsBbXZYYdNj7nk9QZBcYqk

Little Town - Session 02 - 21 3D Audio
https://youtu.be/sRNiAMc1CqQ&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5JsBbXZYYdNj7nk9QZBcYqk

Little Town - Session 02 - 22 Moving Audio Listener
https://youtu.be/zFsDFTvGpuo&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5JsBbXZYYdNj7nk9QZBcYqk

Little Town - Session 02 - 23 Adding an Audio Emitter
https://youtu.be/tkiogVfH9R8&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5JsBbXZYYdNj7nk9QZBcYqk

Little Town - Session 02 - 24 End of Session 02
https://youtu.be/m04MYnq8C4U&list=PLhIbBGhnxj5JsBbXZYYdNj7nk9QZBcYqk
Little Town - Session 02