
Almar Klein - Let’s embrace WebAssembly!
https://youtu.be/u2kKxmb9BWs&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Anastasiia Tymoshchuk - How to develop your project from an idea to architecture design in 50 minute
https://youtu.be/QB59ZibEOZ0&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Antonia Mey - How is python used in biomolecular sciences
https://youtu.be/NoTQLb0oN-4&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Antonio Verardi, Flavien Raynaud - How to write Rust instead of C, and get away with it yes, it's a
https://youtu.be/u6ZbF4apABk&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Becky Smith - Python 2 is dead! Drag your old code into the modern age
https://youtu.be/h5tmNkyNAKs&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Christian Heimes - SSLError, now what
https://youtu.be/DDHF_OpQxMI&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Daniele Procida - The naïve programmer
https://youtu.be/JNGNuiXLAcY&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

David Beazley - Die Threads
https://youtu.be/xOyJiN3yGfU&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Dimiter Naydenov - All You Need is Pandas Unexpected Success Stories
https://youtu.be/8YH9u29_3dQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Doug Hellmann - reno - A New Way to Manage Release Notes
https://youtu.be/tEOGJ_h0Lx0&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Ed Singleton - Autism in development
https://youtu.be/oo0Nq44d1yQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

EuroPython 2018 - Opening Session
https://youtu.be/LoRq9yGeBWY&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Guillem Duran - Hacking Reinforcement Learning
https://youtu.be/rZpZU8LHPco&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Hayley Denbraver - Recursion, Fractals, and the Python Turtle Module
https://youtu.be/b6AcYxIxXMA&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Isabel Lopez - ETL pipeline to achieve reliability at scale
https://youtu.be/jNt37Sj4ebM&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Jiri Benes - Reliability in distributed systems
https://youtu.be/JbZZlpEY3iA&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Nick Radcliffe - Quantum Computing   a Very Gentle Glimpse into a Possible Future
https://youtu.be/OwzcvCx4FbY&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Noam Elfanbaum - Let’s Build a Python Profiler in 25 LOC
https://youtu.be/H8uVgtVv44Y&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Owen Campbell - Leadership of Technical Teams
https://youtu.be/JIM1alCVZQ4&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Peter Babics - Python, Docker, Kubernetes, and beyond 
https://youtu.be/KF6lU_fm_Bg&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Ronan Lamy - Adventures in compatibility   emulating CPython's C API in PyPy
https://youtu.be/qH0eeh-4XE8&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Stephane Wirtel - What's new in Python 3 7
https://youtu.be/uSp0-TkGx3c&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Steve Dower - Python on Windows is Okay, Actually
https://youtu.be/ugeulM2gjvY&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Yury Selivanov - Asyncio in Python 3 7 and 3 8
https://youtu.be/ReXxO_azV-w&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5

Łukasz Kąkol - Pythonic code vs  performance
https://youtu.be/1AqW9-E6VCM&list=PL8uoeex94UhFrNUV2m5MigREebUms39U5
Videos 1-25