
Introduction of Plotly Charts in R  Part 1  Plotlyr Bar Chart  Plotlyr Bar chart in Shiny
https://youtu.be/EuCOW-S5S6s

Introduction of Plotly Charts in R  Part 2  Plotlyr Scatter Chart  Plotlyr Scatter chart in Shiny
https://youtu.be/qxPuztBnzLk

Introduction of Plotly Charts in R  Part 3  Plotlyr Pie Chart  Plotlyr Pie chart in Shiny
https://youtu.be/Wf9Hv2dnrPg

Introduction of Plotly Charts in R  Part 4  Plotlyr Subplot Function  Plotlyr multiple charts
https://youtu.be/CFslKWXndto

Introduction of Time Series Forecasting  Part 1  What is Time Series and Why use It
https://youtu.be/B16DsU0EZpA

Introduction of Time Series Forecasting  Part 2  Creating and Smoothing Time Series
https://youtu.be/UPjVekL9VrM

Introduction of Time Series Forecasting  Part 3  Decomposing time series and forecasting
https://youtu.be/9R2FPIAkv2I

Introduction of Time Series Forecasting  Part 4  TS Forecasting for Trend and Seasonal component
https://youtu.be/b9Gf9zAn8jU

Text Analytics with R  Analyzing Sentiments with BoxPlot Chart  Data Science Tutorial
https://youtu.be/XGYsz5dbOtk

Text Analytics with R  Automating Wordcloud in Shiny - Part 2  Shiny Web Application Tutorial
https://youtu.be/xSFd7GbjM6s

Text Analytics with R  Cleaning Twitter Data and Creating Wordcloud of Tweets
https://youtu.be/qWmMKmPVtgk

Text Analytics With R  How to Connect Facebook with R  Analyzing Facebook in R
https://youtu.be/itdPcvWql9g

Text Analytics with R  How to Create Comparison Word Cloud and Commonality Word Cloud in R
https://youtu.be/eRdVCWff8AA

Text analytics with R  How to create the background table of wordcloud for better understanding
https://youtu.be/07ACT863RQk

Text Analytics with R  How to find correlation between words - Data Science Tutorial
https://youtu.be/ys6y18Piqfc

Text Analytics with R  How to get Trends data from Twitter  Twitter Data Mining
https://youtu.be/Mj2_J0mQBBQ

Text Analytics with R  How to get tweets from a public user account  Twitter Data Mining
https://youtu.be/UexG9xJPNHU

Text Analytics with R  How to Get Twitter User Details and Statistics  Twitter data mining
https://youtu.be/_s4EKn_-uGo

Text Analytics with R  How to Scrap Website Data for Text Analytics  Web Scrapping in R
https://youtu.be/4TPL76rF5g8

Text Analytics with R  How to Visualize Twitter Followers using twitterMap  Twitter Data Mining
https://youtu.be/5QqZSc63Tpc

Text Analytics with R  quanteda Package for text mining  Alternative to tm Package for text mining
https://youtu.be/lfF_5Bp8I1w

Text Analytics with R  Sentiment Analysis on Twitter Data  How to analyze tweets in R
https://youtu.be/jk8e6RQGzqw

Text Analytics with R  Sentiment Analysis with R  Part 1  Basics
https://youtu.be/y21yWgMWMc8

Text Analytics with R  Setting Up the access between R and Twitter  Twitter Data Mining - Part 1
https://youtu.be/m2n09fTgvEk

Text Analytics with R - Automating WordCloud in Shiny - Shiny web application tutorial
https://youtu.be/hclPORTzMnE
Videos 751-775