
Best Animal Horror Movies Ever  RT Essentials
https://youtu.be/Py98AixuBbc&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Best Dog Movies of All-Time  RT Essentials
https://youtu.be/kZIVwMJnCOo&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Best Fantasy TV Shows Ever  RT Essentials
https://youtu.be/AjECSCEdz80&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Best Remakes of All Time  Countdown
https://youtu.be/6mVWZ1OnvIk&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Best Sci-Fi Horror Thrillers of All-Time  RT Essentials
https://youtu.be/pWrnxh1tdp8&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Best Time Travel Movies  Countdown
https://youtu.be/m7d8fdK2bL8&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Did the 'Better Call Saul' Final Season Deliver  Binge Battle
https://youtu.be/QUwebW6O9N8&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Diego Luna and ‘Andor’ Cast on Bringing a New ‘Star Wars’ Story to Light


Does Netflix Need More Movies Like Day Shift  Aftershow
https://youtu.be/afOEdpwydMY&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Emmys 2022 Biggest Surprise Nominations  Binge Battle
https://youtu.be/PA66YhmXW14&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Fan Favorite High School Movies  Countdown
https://youtu.be/WJpDmYhnC4A&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

How The 'Top Gun Maverick' Cast Prepared for the Iconic Beach Scene
https://youtu.be/6BXpAhyWXDY&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Idris Elba and the Cast of 'Beast' on Fighting Fake Lions
https://youtu.be/NiJMZtpOGJ8&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Idris Elba vs. Daniel Kaluuya  Versus
https://youtu.be/GtuRIRR83qo&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Is Bullet Train Just a Guy Ritchie Ripoff  Aftershow
https://youtu.be/DRTygo5brZg&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Matt Smith vs. David Tennant  Versus
https://youtu.be/eu6okDv7z5k&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Most Emmy Award Winning TV of All-Time  RT Essentials
https://youtu.be/1mn1L-XkHt0&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Rotten Tomatoes is Wrong About… Saw
https://youtu.be/yjRurciQ8GU&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Rotten Tomatoes is Wrong About… The Marvel Cinematic TV Series
https://youtu.be/3c5rsLfuCMU&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Steve Martin vs. Martin Short  Versus
https://youtu.be/oaqHNGokuPc&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Tatiana Maslany and Team ‘She-Hulk’ Talk About Smashing into the MCU
https://youtu.be/deh1VnL8nso&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

The Best Action Movies According to the Tomatometer  Countdown
https://youtu.be/CCpC4bHqSmg&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Who is the Best Hulk  Versus
https://youtu.be/Vg8hzxgIuxg&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

‘House of the Dragon’ Cast on Dragon Riding, Family Conflict, and the ‘Game of Thrones’ Legacy


‘Lord of the Rings The Rings of Power’ Cast Preview the Epic Series
https://youtu.be/kzQ_Wt7w9x0&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix
Videos 226-250