
A Christmas Story Christmas Teaser Trailer (2022)
https://youtu.be/QFvNSAX4EdQ&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Best 1960's Horror Movies  Countdown
https://youtu.be/HsbyYVufJ6U&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Best 1970s Horror Movies  Countdown
https://youtu.be/D0cjtnvw17A&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Best Apple TV+ Shows  Countdown
https://youtu.be/ZILLMgdvxfY&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Best Horror Comedies of All-Time  RT Essentials
https://youtu.be/k9Q_Y0f4wDY&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Best of the Universal Monsters  Movieclips
https://youtu.be/jdD53npSP4c&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Best Vampire Movies  Countdown
https://youtu.be/lfUIZ7Rypa4&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Breaking Bad vs. Better Call Saul  Versus
https://youtu.be/cBoNp2i71SA&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Colin Farrell and Brendan Gleeson on Easy Friendship and Batman Villains
https://youtu.be/9xke8lLdPqQ&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Dwayne Johnson vs. John Cena vs. Dave Bautista  Versus
https://youtu.be/jPF3hA24Yb4&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Everything You Need to Know About 'Black Adam'  The Ketchup
https://youtu.be/D0MIPQ0PNFs&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Fan Favorite HBO Shows  Countdown
https://youtu.be/e_EUNV0sMUo&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Halloween (1978) vs. Halloween (2007) vs. Halloween (2018)
https://youtu.be/catBNgjv46M&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Jamie Lee Curtis' Emotional Goodbye to Playing Laurie Strode
https://youtu.be/0587Za2t8y0&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Julia Roberts Through the Years  Trailer Trivia
https://youtu.be/MczcWxhcbuk&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Rotten Tomatoes is Wrong About… Jordan Peele's Horror Trilogy (Get Out, Us, Nope)


Rotten Tomatoes is Wrong About…The Back to the Future Trilogy (With Special Guest Topher Grace)


Scariest Horror Movies Ever  RT Essentials
https://youtu.be/pGrsz131VM0&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Shows to Watch if You Liked The Sandman  Trailer Trivia
https://youtu.be/20EeC2Ar8kg&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

The 'Ticket to Paradise' Cast Talk Beer Pong, Rom-Coms, and Batman
https://youtu.be/SpvXP3akaZE&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

The 'Tár' Cast on the Commanding Presence of Cate Blanchett
https://youtu.be/Xnk5QgaxUig&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

The Best 1980s Horror Movies  Countdown
https://youtu.be/vpEzjIPGYoE&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

The Best of Chucky  Movieclips
https://youtu.be/T9z3x3MataY&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

The People We Hate at the Wedding Trailer #1 (2022)
https://youtu.be/zz1VAxPu8dE&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix

Top 10 DC Comics Movies  Countdown
https://youtu.be/YFIO-7LsHwg&list=PLScC8g4bqD47U2MdyU3E7Dr2zuGg2Itix
Videos 176-200