
10 Things You Go Through To Land Your First iOS Job
https://youtu.be/qwTLrmlfXg0

Android vs iOS Development Key Differences
https://youtu.be/g096C487Lws

Best Audio Recorder for YouTube Videos Zoom H1 Recorder
https://youtu.be/NJHTr3Nv9Q4

How Important is Math to Software Engineering
https://youtu.be/VPQNztGmstQ

How to Extract Icons from Apps using Photoshop
https://youtu.be/hbSj5v1xJ1c

How to use Xcode Shortcuts to Speed Up your Development Process
https://youtu.be/j4X4RVcNf0Q

I Taught Bootcamp Everyone can Learn How to Code
https://youtu.be/ofwS_ZA7zgw

Interview Algorithm Challenge Reverse Linked List - Swift
https://youtu.be/gNu-F_LnC0I

Lost of Motivation and Dealing With It
https://youtu.be/NBNczpuopQM

My Very First Published App Meal Roulette
https://youtu.be/dKzEJbB7zek

Personality Traits that make for Good Programmers
https://youtu.be/YT-v5UjB9rM

QA live today let's have some fun
https://youtu.be/0LWsvp70DU4

Swift 3 Twitter - Easy Caching and Loading Images using CachedImageView (Ep 15)
https://youtu.be/ilwEMj7mWCY

Swift 3 Twitter - Generics and Array Extension (Ep 16)
https://youtu.be/zHUxKTGgNQE

Swift 3 Twitter - Handling Network and JSON Errors (Ep 14)
https://youtu.be/8UBlNPMZRuM

Swift 3.1 Changes and Interesting Highlights
https://youtu.be/tGC1vbphiPs

Swift Create Facebook Live Stream Animation
https://youtu.be/-DGnHfUDMgg

Swift Facebook Group comments and live Q&A
https://youtu.be/AcKXympcx2w

Swift Fun Algorithms Closure Reference Cycles
https://youtu.be/lCVtRZTM9pI

Swift Fun Algorithms How to Create a Retain Cycle
https://youtu.be/in-W-raGRMk

Swift Fun Algorithms How to Draw a Circle using Math
https://youtu.be/G4D_EhPi7Qk

Swift Fun Algorithms Retain Cycle Correction!
https://youtu.be/Nb628CFURvI

Swift How to Display Time in Social Media Apps
https://youtu.be/IjJxaUXKVXU

Swift Interview Algorithms Stacks and Generics
https://youtu.be/RTpUKu9Ph_M

Swift Time to Build a Bar Chart
https://youtu.be/oYXRKxeb7hE
Videos 301-325