
Alan Christie - Building a real-time embedded audio sampling application with MicroPython
https://youtu.be/LXRLr8pIJf0&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Alejandro Castillo - Django Rest Framework, one year after tips, tools, tricks and pitfalls.
https://youtu.be/0URILwS7-WI&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Alessandro Molina - Protocols and Practices enforcing in Python through bytecode and inspection
https://youtu.be/MguKwkrp0tw&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Alexander Steffen - Testing microcontroller firmware with Python
https://youtu.be/-SvmjCWBX10&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Armin Ronacher - A Python for Future Generations
https://youtu.be/IeSu_odkI5I&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Benno Luthiger - Bitcoin and Blockchain for Pythoneers
https://youtu.be/BQGDXu9PS-E&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Dougal Matthews - Async Web Apps with Sanic
https://youtu.be/wb0lk4e9DEg&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

EuroPython – The largest Python conference in Europe
https://youtu.be/OCHrzW-R3QI&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Frankie Dintino - 2 + 2 = 5 Monkey-patching CPython with ctypes to conform to Party doctrine
https://youtu.be/tZ3ZfBX61eE&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Jussi Pakkanen - Meson compiling the world with Python
https://youtu.be/sEO4DC8hm34&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Kristian Rother - Best Practices for Debugging
https://youtu.be/F3yh-LgoaME&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Lasse Schuirmann - From Fun to Business - How Open Source Changed my Life
https://youtu.be/keTrMKCXG0Y&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Maciej Polańczyk - Mock it right! A beginner’s guide to world of tests and mocks.
https://youtu.be/rEIt0D_ACy8&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Marco Montanari - Django, Django Rest Framework and Angular2 RAD on SaaS platforms
https://youtu.be/DrQmYoZLGw8&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Mario Corchero - Effortless Logging - Let the loggers work for you
https://youtu.be/o8bVslBUik8&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Miguel Grinberg - Python Microservices
https://youtu.be/CoDbnoaaiu0&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Nicola Iarocci - Python on Windows, Like a Boss
https://youtu.be/tgw2YvVLWnU&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Opening Session - 2017-07-10
https://youtu.be/yYSTopeoHyY&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Radomir Dopieralski - MicroPython Workshop
https://youtu.be/3BDoXY0y8FU&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Rafał Nowicki - Python REST frameworks review
https://youtu.be/HhKSgRvfF20&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Roberto De Ioris - AAA Games with Unreal Engine 4 and Python
https://youtu.be/_38csFR5Hrw&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Roberto Polli, Danilo Abbasciano - TCP  IP Animated
https://youtu.be/AcoTSe6OjHU&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Shailen Sobhee - Python Profiling with Intel® VTune™ Amplifier
https://youtu.be/G31yUYwvGgc&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Tim Babych - Front-end testing with Python
https://youtu.be/9dd_nHuXBgw&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Yigit Guler - Understanding Celery & CeleryBeat
https://youtu.be/kDoHrFLkahA&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh
Videos 1-25