
Python 3 Programming Tutorial -  cx freeze python to exe
https://youtu.be/GSoOwSqTSrs&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDe8XSftW-RAxdo6OmaeL85M

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Built-in Functions
https://youtu.be/7rjJrQy9gi4&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDe8XSftW-RAxdo6OmaeL85M

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Dictionaries
https://youtu.be/YNRc6c0wUA8&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDe8XSftW-RAxdo6OmaeL85M

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - List Manipulation
https://youtu.be/LUoKlnK5wcc&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDe8XSftW-RAxdo6OmaeL85M

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Lists and Tuples
https://youtu.be/RVXIBZvg-W8&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDe8XSftW-RAxdo6OmaeL85M

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Making Modules
https://youtu.be/sKYiQLRe254&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDe8XSftW-RAxdo6OmaeL85M

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Matplotlib Graphing Intro
https://youtu.be/H72jSxkLQHQ&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDe8XSftW-RAxdo6OmaeL85M

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Matplotlib Labels and titles
https://youtu.be/B06l-lGU-0Q&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDe8XSftW-RAxdo6OmaeL85M

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Matplotlib Styles
https://youtu.be/sCaGYsEYy-k&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDe8XSftW-RAxdo6OmaeL85M

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Multi-dimensional List
https://youtu.be/Go-FfGhxbSM&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDe8XSftW-RAxdo6OmaeL85M

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Multi-line Print
https://youtu.be/gINlrLx2zNA&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDe8XSftW-RAxdo6OmaeL85M

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - OS Module
https://youtu.be/wgHeTJtth0w&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDe8XSftW-RAxdo6OmaeL85M

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Parsing Websites with re and urllib
https://youtu.be/GEshegZzt3M&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDe8XSftW-RAxdo6OmaeL85M

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Reading from a CSV spreadsheet
https://youtu.be/K_oXb04izZM&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDe8XSftW-RAxdo6OmaeL85M

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Regular Expressions  Regex with re
https://youtu.be/sZyAn2TW7GY&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDe8XSftW-RAxdo6OmaeL85M

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Subprocess module
https://youtu.be/5XU-mAZVv4w&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDe8XSftW-RAxdo6OmaeL85M

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Sys Module
https://youtu.be/rLG7Tz6db0w&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDe8XSftW-RAxdo6OmaeL85M

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Threading module
https://youtu.be/NwH0HvMI4EA&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDe8XSftW-RAxdo6OmaeL85M

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Tkinter adding buttons
https://youtu.be/QPeS0TI0yNo&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDe8XSftW-RAxdo6OmaeL85M

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Tkinter adding images and text
https://youtu.be/a1Y5e-aGPQ4&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDe8XSftW-RAxdo6OmaeL85M

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Tkinter event handling
https://youtu.be/4FrQaowzIGo&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDe8XSftW-RAxdo6OmaeL85M

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Tkinter menu bar
https://youtu.be/Ihlpgw_HYic&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDe8XSftW-RAxdo6OmaeL85M

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - tkinter module making windows
https://youtu.be/Ccct5D2AyNM&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDe8XSftW-RAxdo6OmaeL85M

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Try and Except error Handling
https://youtu.be/nqGhjLUhyDc&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDe8XSftW-RAxdo6OmaeL85M

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - urllib module
https://youtu.be/5GzVNi0oTxQ&list=PLQVvvaa0QuDe8XSftW-RAxdo6OmaeL85M
Videos 26-50