
Python Basics 500 Subscribers
https://youtu.be/S95mQ5rIAyM&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Add Baseline To Pyplot Histogram
https://youtu.be/zU5ual1RSBA&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Class Inheritance
https://youtu.be/MPg8BWUjuGg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Collections Intro
https://youtu.be/bh_ncj3mwDk&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Import 
https://youtu.be/hg0XGM89IzA&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Matplotlib Colors
https://youtu.be/YkfmHSj6_-0&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Nested List Comprehension
https://youtu.be/L1GHuT8tdw0&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics New Mile Stone
https://youtu.be/_R2v2z5WVfk&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Numpy Array Last Way
https://youtu.be/0huc5UcatXs&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Numpy Full Function
https://youtu.be/okQARPoCwPk&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Numpy Random Uniform Function
https://youtu.be/ymv5TmFiobE&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Os Remove Function
https://youtu.be/icij-roZwoY&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Pandas DataFrame iloc Method
https://youtu.be/knBw_-Jrwhg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Pandas Dataframe Info Method
https://youtu.be/LVx_IraQyVo&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Pandas DataFrame loc Method
https://youtu.be/40I1FDJPX0A&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Pandas DataFrame Tail Method
https://youtu.be/j8EphrkzS8Q&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Pickle Load Method
https://youtu.be/IrLQ8ckLpWo&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Pickling With Pandas
https://youtu.be/PkFNse0TZiY&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Print Sep Default
https://youtu.be/lDzckGRkBZc&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Requested Video Adding Sound  Pygame
https://youtu.be/bf_0wdits4A&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Requested Video Image Randomly Moving  Pygame
https://youtu.be/RzIGxozm57Y&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Subscriber Feedback
https://youtu.be/nn76vlYuDnk&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Tkinter Label Module
https://youtu.be/UlJflSfjeyI&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Viewer Feedback
https://youtu.be/HWEqFyne84M&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics What is a Widget
https://youtu.be/sYYoN1zm4kM&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp
Videos 51-75