
Clustering Algorithm in Tableau
https://youtu.be/oIzctv51mDQ

Descriptive Analytics with Tableau - Creating Correlation Matrix and Boxplot Chart
https://youtu.be/eQnH_IqUfEA

Python 3 Programming Tutorial  Numpy Basics -  Manipulating and Aggregating Numpy Arrays
https://youtu.be/h2ycOfSs9Rs

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Function  Exercise solution -How to format the output in Python
https://youtu.be/00bNmNtwU2o

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Function  How to pass arguments in python functions
https://youtu.be/dDrzURoDtzI

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Function  How to print multiple values from a python function
https://youtu.be/asdg_HdXg1U

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Function  How to return values from python function
https://youtu.be/Mz2JAyxuPWo

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Lists  P.1  How to Create and Manipulate Python Lists
https://youtu.be/iQljUHIwSU4

Python 3 Programming Tutorial for Functions  P.1  How To Use Functions In Python
https://youtu.be/tJvDpn1Hygo

Python Dictionaries Tutorial 1 -   Introduction and How to create dictionaries in Python
https://youtu.be/XYkyKhV5Ifk

Python Pandas Tutorial 28  How to create dataframe from a dictionary
https://youtu.be/9wGdKZV78LQ

Python Tutorial 1 -Functions  Function Parameters
https://youtu.be/m9xExn0_eWk

Python Tutorial 10 - Functions  What is variable scoping in python functions
https://youtu.be/rg-Z6aNS1fA

Python Tutorial 11 - Functions  How to return multiple values in Python
https://youtu.be/3ikoiyp29bA

Python Tutorial 12 - Functions  Functions with Multiple Parameters in Python
https://youtu.be/TmEglF2mpvE

Python Tutorial 2 - Function  Variable length keyword parameter processing with kwargs
https://youtu.be/Fv0c3qCbPbM

Python Tutorial 3 - Function  How to Call function with variable length parameter args
https://youtu.be/cfP_cxJXMKk

Python Tutorial 4 - Function  Processing multiple variable args parameter in python
https://youtu.be/B7-H5inOQws

Python Tutorial 5 - Function  How to pass multiple variable in python function
https://youtu.be/3ZWV4Kr5Yi4

Python Tutorial 6 - Function  How to Pass multiple default argument in python function
https://youtu.be/q-MBQhlJYB8

Python Tutorial 7 - Function  How pass default parameters argument in python function
https://youtu.be/KmYcvG4FfGk

Python Tutorial 8 - Functions  How to create nested function in python
https://youtu.be/kEqxtw5s4a4

Python Tutorial 9 - Function  How to Get all the available functions in Python Package
https://youtu.be/yC9CMRwzCZI

Python Tutorial for Beginners  Python Tuples  What is tuples in Python and why it is used
https://youtu.be/t5eEQNqub8M

Python Tutorials- What are Python operators  Arithmetic operators  Comparison operators in Python
https://youtu.be/wryDh_6E91U
Videos 651-675