
Abusing the Router by Jon Rowe
https://youtu.be/eaNsjOZIkrA&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

AR ain't your mum by Leonard Garvey
https://youtu.be/shLl2fSSmo4&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Building Crashlog.io by Ivan Vanderbyl
https://youtu.be/xyay1EQYWes&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Building development environments - Richard Mcgain
https://youtu.be/6KFeBYhE6aY&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Building REST APIs with Grape by Ivan Vanderbyl
https://youtu.be/ntpT0vIv3bA&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Cucumber by Mario Visic
https://youtu.be/aUzChRac_-8&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Elle Meredith - Product Design Sprints
https://youtu.be/9J2nvU36vpE&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Exercism Challenge Protein Translation - ROROSyd June 2020
https://youtu.be/w9ajQhnTpJk&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Exercism Challenge RNA Transcription - Gael Jerop - ROROSyd July 2020
https://youtu.be/B3fB6-4Fy7E&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Fog and Chef Solo by Carl Woodward
https://youtu.be/bsU6AwIzQc0&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Memoirs of a Programmer by Andrew Grimm
https://youtu.be/1lH5ZGEAOR4&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

PostgreSQL, V8, and JSON for fun and profit by Toby Hede
https://youtu.be/gRPVc_Gt-7s&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Quitting your job as a responsible Melbourne rubyist - John Sherwood
https://youtu.be/jSJD2He23-U&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Rails 4 by Gareth Townsend
https://youtu.be/aH18NRuU5QE&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Ruby Melbourne ActiveSupport Notifications by Matthew Delves
https://youtu.be/b8b-Hj6b_NE&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Ruby Melbourne Best practices for testing in Rails by Andrei Gridnev
https://youtu.be/SmADs6JyObI&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Ruby Melbourne Rails and the client by Chris D'Aloisio
https://youtu.be/3GmYW-d6Oew&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Ruby Sydney Fresh Redis by Julian Doherty
https://youtu.be/Rs3j3nex9ws&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Ruby Sydney Location Based Gaming Platform by Ben Taylor
https://youtu.be/FiDPT8VubTc&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Shrine - Handle file uploads like it's 2017
https://youtu.be/wACURf0U0Pk&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Silvio Montanari - Code forensic analysis
https://youtu.be/WRVPEKHOxuM&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

The most fun way to level up your team - ROROSyd June 2020
https://youtu.be/_OFU-6_sOCk&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Why I started preparing for the AWS Solutions Architect Exam - ROROSyd June 2020
https://youtu.be/rtMXLMeqMiA&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Wisp by Andrew Grimm
https://youtu.be/SoOMFLMcnB8&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND

Zeus by Ben Hoskings
https://youtu.be/T2P2kCEFFho&list=PL9_jjLrTYxc3_iKoLe4ZDocgTi1GVwbND
Videos 51-75