
Add Cypress to a gatsby app
https://youtu.be/Gtq8K_rQgIw&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Async Remark plugins for automatic twitter and youtube embeds
https://youtu.be/NmXw8yMTjys&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Component Library Tree Shaking CSS solution
https://youtu.be/EkhD1OMHkYI&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Diving into how @babelregister works
https://youtu.be/w41L_ajkcbo&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

How NOT to test custom React hooks (and how to test them)
https://youtu.be/0e6WCQYg5tU&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

How to lint TypeScript with ESLint
https://youtu.be/Pl2heYVwQ-Q&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

How to make Jest run anything
https://youtu.be/U_IYuAXtJZ0&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Install multiple similarly-named npm packages using bash brace expansion
https://youtu.be/gpbpAVbFVEM&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

macOS Run a script on login
https://youtu.be/mOXo-Yjr800&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

My .bash_profile (how I have emojis in my terminal)
https://youtu.be/CMILpbL6e88&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

My OSS git workflow
https://youtu.be/Ouu_FBog9Y4&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

My Pull Request ReviewMerge Workflow
https://youtu.be/AgJGC5Vsxlo&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Random VSCode Workflow Tips
https://youtu.be/IHMkIdmvD9c&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

React Component Organization Tips
https://youtu.be/n-bqy1WUphs&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

React Hooks Refactor compound components to hooks
https://youtu.be/415EfGPuhSo&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

React Hooks useImperativeHandle
https://youtu.be/TADfvWwCo3U&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

React Hooks What will happen to the ContainerPresenter Pattern
https://youtu.be/l6GTpKLWllQ&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Run TypeScript typechecking with Jest (Take 2)
https://youtu.be/CdAhR70XD3g&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Run TypeScript typechecking with Jest
https://youtu.be/6oHy58OOQkA&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Test components that use React.lazy + Suspense
https://youtu.be/lfb5jvHq9c4&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Tree Shaking CSS problem
https://youtu.be/Q_F-c0LEp4I&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

TypeScript Why you have to add types even if you handle the undefined case
https://youtu.be/Bankxk8IROY&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Use Chrome Snippets
https://youtu.be/N4zO_E2xt94&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Use dom-testing-library to automate daily boring tasks
https://youtu.be/ttmvAm6esSc&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u

Using the new new setupFilesAfterEnv feature in Jest v24
https://youtu.be/VZEszZxeJQs&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgCrPH_e6d57KRUTiDZgs0u
Videos 26-50