
Advanced React Component Patterns workshop @ PayPal (Part 1)
https://youtu.be/SuzutbwjUp8&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Advanced React Component Patterns workshop @ PayPal (Part 2)
https://youtu.be/ubXtOROjILU&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

AHA Programming – Kent C.  Dodds
https://youtu.be/wuVy7rwkCfc&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Chain React 2018 Simply React by Kent C. Dodds
https://youtu.be/M9X2qGddHkU&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Confident React - Kent C. Dodds
https://youtu.be/zGlnlP99aFk&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Contributing to Open Source on GitHub for beginners
https://youtu.be/k6KcaMffxac&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Framework Summit 2018- Kent C Dodds, Divya Sasidharan, Isaac Mann Render Prop by Any Other Name
https://youtu.be/pjDOJdMM2eg&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

GDG Salt Lake DevFest 2018 Why React Hooks
https://youtu.be/zWsZcBiwgVE&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Kent C  Dodds - Simply React
https://youtu.be/AiJ8tRRH0f8&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Kent C Dodds - React Testing - ReactOttawa 2019-05-30
https://youtu.be/-FxVK5mOewQ&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Kent C. Dodds - Managing an Open Source Project
https://youtu.be/zCJyiBu12Jw&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Kent C. Dodds – Building The Open Source Community We Want
https://youtu.be/OGeoH-sqePE&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Modern React Workshop Hooks and Suspense (Part 1)
https://youtu.be/xcZXS_VEJS0&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Modern React Workshop Hooks and Suspense (Part 2)
https://youtu.be/NKAfuguroRY&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

React Hook Pitfalls - Kent C. Dodds - React Rally 2019
https://youtu.be/VIRcX2X7EUk&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

React... Suspense... (@ SLC frontend meetup)
https://youtu.be/7LmrS2sdMlo&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Reactathon Conference Live Stream - Day Two
https://youtu.be/pkNzU-5oDiA&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Requisite React Learn how to use React Hooks, Suspense & JSX - Kent C. Dodds
https://youtu.be/tO8qHlr6Wqg&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Simply React (@ OpenWest 2018)
https://youtu.be/Q25lkYUZTMU&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Simply React (talk practice run)
https://youtu.be/PJe8KXPw4cA&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Simply React - Kent C. Dodds (Byteconf React 2020 Keynote)
https://youtu.be/5io81WLgXtg&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Testing React Workshop @ PayPal 2018-09 Part 1
https://youtu.be/w6KCDFssHFA&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

Testing React Workshop @ PayPal 2018-09 Part 2
https://youtu.be/OP2c0gs369U&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

The introduction to React you've been missing - Kent C. Dodds
https://youtu.be/SAIdyBFHfVU&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf

What We Can Learn About Testing From The Wheel - Kent C. Dodds (Ignite Fluent 2016)
https://youtu.be/Da9wfQ0frGA&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf
Videos 26-50