
AC Motor Control Architecture, Code Generation, and Verification
https://youtu.be/XT-IH_QxHY0&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rwPnGC9_QR12UWM1g4oMLh

AC Power Conversion
https://youtu.be/BqFZ8yqXiqI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rwPnGC9_QR12UWM1g4oMLh

Automating Battery Model Parameter Estimation
https://youtu.be/vI-NtzXulG0&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rwPnGC9_QR12UWM1g4oMLh

Battery Data Acquisition and Analysis Using MATLAB
https://youtu.be/g4eb4iBR7hw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rwPnGC9_QR12UWM1g4oMLh

Battery Modeling with Simulink
https://youtu.be/OFWCFefmvnM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rwPnGC9_QR12UWM1g4oMLh

Danfoss Solar Inverters Adopts Model-Based Design
https://youtu.be/1ZTHUIhvN4U&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rwPnGC9_QR12UWM1g4oMLh

Data Analysis, Modeling, and Simulation for the Venturi Buckeye Bullet
https://youtu.be/UR_HHXrNNSI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rwPnGC9_QR12UWM1g4oMLh

Developing a Real Time Motor Model for HIL Testing
https://youtu.be/0ok-2n4r3XI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rwPnGC9_QR12UWM1g4oMLh

Developing DC-DC Converter Control Automatically Generating Controller Code for Embedded Processors
https://youtu.be/J6c--Uxl9Yo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rwPnGC9_QR12UWM1g4oMLh

Developing DC-DC Converter Control Designing Digital Controller
https://youtu.be/tOypILqb20o&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rwPnGC9_QR12UWM1g4oMLh

Developing DC-DC Converter Control Determining Power Losses and Simulating Thermal Behavior
https://youtu.be/Wz7bFPJWdlY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rwPnGC9_QR12UWM1g4oMLh

Developing DC-DC Converter Control Modeling, Simulating, and Sizing Passive Components
https://youtu.be/FBqi7smxCeA&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rwPnGC9_QR12UWM1g4oMLh

Estimating Parameters of a Battery
https://youtu.be/lZmdzV-9Wp0&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rwPnGC9_QR12UWM1g4oMLh

Experiences of Introducing Model Based Design at Danfoss Solar Inverters
https://youtu.be/fCkv0rd3zQQ&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rwPnGC9_QR12UWM1g4oMLh

Faster and More Accurate Control of Electric Motors - Punch Powertrain - MATLAB - Simulink
https://youtu.be/deHIwCxLyug&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rwPnGC9_QR12UWM1g4oMLh

Hardware and Software Co Design for Motor Control Applications
https://youtu.be/dE38QBQR8Tw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rwPnGC9_QR12UWM1g4oMLh

Implement Maximum Power Point Tracking Algorithms Using MATLAB and Simulink
https://youtu.be/tZZ74pOa-eE&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rwPnGC9_QR12UWM1g4oMLh

MATLAB Speaks Hardware TI C2000 for Digital Power Applications
https://youtu.be/CstjgrGR7dY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rwPnGC9_QR12UWM1g4oMLh

Maximum Power Point Tracking Algorithm Overview
https://youtu.be/Auk9jU3Ee4M&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rwPnGC9_QR12UWM1g4oMLh

PID Control of a Brushless DC Motor
https://youtu.be/4ZemeZMgYvM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rwPnGC9_QR12UWM1g4oMLh

PID Controller Tuning for a Buck Converter
https://youtu.be/CSyR2Ot-ZpM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rwPnGC9_QR12UWM1g4oMLh

Private video
https://youtu.be/xfCuCaOobwA&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rwPnGC9_QR12UWM1g4oMLh

Programming TI C2000 Launchpad with Simulink
https://youtu.be/wxYTLbYfBP0&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rwPnGC9_QR12UWM1g4oMLh

Speed Control of a DC Motor Using PWM
https://youtu.be/H7RzKY9SFHA&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rwPnGC9_QR12UWM1g4oMLh

Using a TI F28069 LaunchPad with Simulink
https://youtu.be/ncM7N-hLKQM&list=PLn8PRpmsu08rwPnGC9_QR12UWM1g4oMLh
Videos 1-25