
Alejandro Castillo - Deja de pegarte con tus servicios; import lymph
https://youtu.be/LP9J93qdZp0&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Alessandro Amici - Solving the web most popular code shortening competition in Python.
https://youtu.be/4-3zLTg3GKk&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Alessandro Molina - Why storing files for the web is not as straightforward as you might think.
https://youtu.be/PckwHNNe8pw&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Alessio Siniscalchi - Citizen Science Tracking Aliens with Python!
https://youtu.be/9SP54aEmmVw&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Ana Balica - Demystifying Mixins with Django
https://youtu.be/rMn2wC0PuXw&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Anders Lehmann - Online Education challenges and opportunities for Staff and Students
https://youtu.be/ukxOwyKie-Q&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Andrey Syschikov - Practical usage of advanced Python constructs
https://youtu.be/UNr49W08vnc&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Bhaumik Shukla - Python for Cloud Services and Infrastructure Management
https://youtu.be/et0Hnntk3-s&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Fabio PligerMarc-André Lemburg - EuroPython 2016 Help us build the next edition!
https://youtu.be/pSaL7QFwwmQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Getting started with Bokeh  Let's build an interactive data visualization for the web..in Python!
https://youtu.be/EQCtGIdA0nE&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Guido van Rossum - Keynote Python now and in the future
https://youtu.be/bp3mCgrdMxU&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Hitul Mistry - Python Multithreading and Multiprocessing Concurrency and Parallelism
https://youtu.be/6EBBWv6tuA8&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

James Robinson - Pycon - A teacher's perspective
https://youtu.be/XuEjV30OQT4&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

James Robinson - Raspberry Pi Weather Station
https://youtu.be/VAbTDiYsY6U&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Jan Pazdziora - External authentication for Django projects
https://youtu.be/62_jD-8zV4M&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Jesús Espino - Todo es una trampa
https://youtu.be/js_5dDRWe48&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

João Santos - Using Git Hooks to Help Your Engineering Teams Work Autonomously
https://youtu.be/pwmZ7AGhcuo&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Kyle Knapp - It Works on My Machine Writing Python Code for Any Environment
https://youtu.be/DOQUPQZTXXs&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

oier etxaniz - Karakate magaletik EuroPythoneko tontorrera
https://youtu.be/069YOG8HaXw&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Raúl Cumplido - Metaprogramación en Python
https://youtu.be/jSxBHLqeX-A&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Sam Thursfield - Introduction to Baserock
https://youtu.be/qYGlMCk15hs&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Sever Banesiu - Distributed Workflows with Flowy
https://youtu.be/-Jm_ZNPIqjY&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Stephan Jaensch - Building mobile APIs with services at Yelp
https://youtu.be/UUkyzCwgqPw&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Tibor Arpas - Mashing up py.test, coverage.py and ast.py to take TDD to a new level
https://youtu.be/nrSZthcAN2U&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Timo Stollenwerk - The Butler and the Snake - Continuous Integration for Python
https://youtu.be/uPeHwxfYB_I&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP
Videos 1-25