
2D Lights in Unity!
https://youtu.be/nkgGyO9VG54&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR4GH32npxmkXE-AHnlamcdG

2D PATHFINDING - Enemy AI in Unity
https://youtu.be/jvtFUfJ6CP8&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR4GH32npxmkXE-AHnlamcdG

CHANGE YOUR GAME ANYWHERE using Remote Config - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/14njHI4CGgA&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR4GH32npxmkXE-AHnlamcdG

CONTROLLER INPUT in Unity!
https://youtu.be/p-3S73MaDP8&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR4GH32npxmkXE-AHnlamcdG

CREATE YOUR OWN RENDERER WITHOUT CODE in Unity!
https://youtu.be/szsWx9IQVDI&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR4GH32npxmkXE-AHnlamcdG

EVERY Image Effect in Unity Explained - Post Processing v2 Tutorial
https://youtu.be/9tjYz6Ab0oc&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR4GH32npxmkXE-AHnlamcdG

FIREWORKS in Unity using VFX Graph!
https://youtu.be/iCEHarLRCzI&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR4GH32npxmkXE-AHnlamcdG

FIRST PERSON MOVEMENT in Unity - FPS Controller
https://youtu.be/_QajrabyTJc&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR4GH32npxmkXE-AHnlamcdG

FORCE FIELD in Unity - SHADER GRAPH
https://youtu.be/NiOGWZXBg4Y&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR4GH32npxmkXE-AHnlamcdG

HIGH QUALITY LIGHTING using Light Probes - Unity Tutorial
https://youtu.be/_E0JXOZDTKA&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR4GH32npxmkXE-AHnlamcdG

How to make a BOSS in Unity!
https://youtu.be/AD4JIXQDw0s&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR4GH32npxmkXE-AHnlamcdG

How to make AWESOME Scene Transitions in Unity!
https://youtu.be/CE9VOZivb3I&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR4GH32npxmkXE-AHnlamcdG

MAKE AN RPG WITHOUT CODE - Unity Creator Kit
https://youtu.be/wnzJ06Y8mdg&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR4GH32npxmkXE-AHnlamcdG

Make your Characters Interactive! - Animation Rigging in Unity
https://youtu.be/Htl7ysv10Qs&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR4GH32npxmkXE-AHnlamcdG

MELEE COMBAT in Unity
https://youtu.be/sPiVz1k-fEs&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR4GH32npxmkXE-AHnlamcdG

RAGDOLL PHYSICS in Unity!
https://youtu.be/DInV-jHm9rk&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR4GH32npxmkXE-AHnlamcdG

SIMPLE CARTOON WATER in Unity
https://youtu.be/Vg0L9aCRWPE&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR4GH32npxmkXE-AHnlamcdG

SNOW in Unity - SHADER GRAPH
https://youtu.be/IC9g5hlfV6o&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR4GH32npxmkXE-AHnlamcdG

THIRD PERSON MOVEMENT in Unity
https://youtu.be/4HpC--2iowE&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR4GH32npxmkXE-AHnlamcdG

TOP DOWN MOVEMENT in Unity!
https://youtu.be/whzomFgjT50&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR4GH32npxmkXE-AHnlamcdG

TOP DOWN SHOOTING in Unity
https://youtu.be/LNLVOjbrQj4&list=PLPV2KyIb3jR4GH32npxmkXE-AHnlamcdG
Videos 51-71