
Adam Bien - Serverless HTML5 Apps With Angular 2, React, Polymer and Java EE Microservices
https://youtu.be/LNtaiZJD2I0&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Adam Bien interview during Voxxed Days Bucharest
https://youtu.be/3AzjSApo3dM&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Build To Last From Frontend To Backend #slideless #talk by Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/5VFOYM6DlJc&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Build To Last From Frontend To Backend slideless talk by Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/tgpruknOOfE&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

CON1851   From Macro to MicroServices and Back Onstage Hacking with Java EE 7
https://youtu.be/M3qFEo5pjgM&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Everything Works In Java EE--Then Try Microservices -) (slides only)
https://youtu.be/tlv4037h6ZA&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

GeeCON Prague 2017 Adam Bien - 'Built To Last' ...and the end of migrations
https://youtu.be/n1L08wX3bqY&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Ich warte auf Jigsaw schon seit 2007 – [Interview mit Adam Bien]
https://youtu.be/34TbX1I0b2A&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Infoshare 2017 Adam Bien (Java Champion) – Java EE - The Competitive Advantage For Startups
https://youtu.be/DGNDncRCS9I&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Infoshare 2018 - Aftermovie
https://youtu.be/rO55DycFPdg&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Infoshare 2018 Adam Bien (Java Champion) - Architecting Future (...)
https://youtu.be/0kqCmImsv4s&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Infoshare 2018 Adam Bien (Java Champion) - Web Standard Frontend (...)
https://youtu.be/dak9QohoBrY&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Java EE Heavyweight or Lightweight—Mythbusters
https://youtu.be/LwimkQQDhio&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

JavaEE and microservices, as cool as the LHC
https://youtu.be/hnsCrRG5Vkg&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

JVM Con, Java EE 8 Features and Java ONE Impressions
https://youtu.be/rvf-Z8euCB8&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Lean WebApps with Skinny Miniservices #usetheplatfom - Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/BoMT17rbd-k&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Microservices and Cloud Driven Code Simplification
https://youtu.be/ZSEv4UrCpGA&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Microservices on Java EE — As Cool As The LHC by Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/bBpF7YYHZnI&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Microservices, HTML 5 Apps, and  Java EE Myths  Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/1CE6B6t5DDE&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Private video
https://youtu.be/-Q4JZTI0t1Y&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Project Java People Faces 2017.10
https://youtu.be/8oFlpFoz87E&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

The Future of Java EE with Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/Gs6VBURXccI&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

Unorthodox Enterprise Practices
https://youtu.be/uWfrDg9EPS0&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_

WJUG #132 - Unorthodox Enterprise Practices - Adam Bien
https://youtu.be/OeTZzOAFojs&list=PLxU9yM-_yPs-L6cxy6ia9rtlWxifv36L_
Videos 51-75