
5 Years of 12 Factor Apps by Joe Kutner
https://youtu.be/jufe_sHejXc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

A practical guide to Docker and µService deployments by Davide Fiorentino
https://youtu.be/9WwOLhm0l_E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

A Pragmatist’s Guide to Functional Geekery by Michał Płachta
https://youtu.be/3bkb6U5jJbs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

All machine learning is really complicated and I could never learn it. Right by Krishan Bhasin
https://youtu.be/wWJqtEwLQqg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Canaries and Kubernetes by Burr Sutter
https://youtu.be/0nqYa2pjlqk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Data Visualization with R by Matthew Renze
https://youtu.be/xOLH9GwDrcY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Full Stack Scala with the Play Framework and Scala.js by Greg Dorrell
https://youtu.be/NJVL2IsGXZ4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Introduction to Chatbots for Developers by Grant Ronald
https://youtu.be/CxEstW2lyYM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Just Let Me Code by Andy Wyatt
https://youtu.be/SBf1UXtGwtQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Microsoft, Canonical, Docker and Chef - Cooking up a Swarm by Justin Davies
https://youtu.be/iC7oyQ50i0I&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Ok Google, is there any presentations about Chat Bots at Devoxx UK by Wassim Chegham
https://youtu.be/ean8IclrXlI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Progressive Web Apps - The New Age Web experience by Prateek Bhatnagar
https://youtu.be/6L-gNZlld4I&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Realtime-Cognitive IoT using DeepLearning and Online Learning by Romeo Kienzler
https://youtu.be/3lXrrx8ys4Y&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Scalable Stream Processing A Survey of Storm, Samza, Spark and Flink by Felix Gessert
https://youtu.be/ZWez6hOpirY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Securing microservices a practical guide by Katherine Stanley & Adam Pilkington
https://youtu.be/Dn-r8_EI1RU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Services Assemble! by Mark Heckler
https://youtu.be/XB8Jf2Xruu8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

The Anatomy of Java Vulnerabilities by Steve Poole & Tim Ellison
https://youtu.be/n1oDNHszfkc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

The Art of Discovering Bounded Contexts by Nick Tune
https://youtu.be/ez9GWESKG4I&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

The end of polling  why and how to transform a REST API into a Data Streaming API by Audrey Neveu
https://youtu.be/xclRxDb75l0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

The ISS position in real time on my mobile in less than 15mn  Yes, we can. by Audrey Neveu
https://youtu.be/-ZG_0np8gd0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

The reactive landscape by Clement Escoffier
https://youtu.be/JMYomqM92MM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

They Do It With Mirrors – Java Process Memory in Microservices environment by Gayathri Thiyagarajan
https://youtu.be/CO_736dZGzk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Transactional actors with Eclipse Vert.x by Mark Little & Michael Musgrove
https://youtu.be/Ikwj7gxemLQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Using FlameGraphs To Illuminate The JVM by Nitsan Wakart
https://youtu.be/ugRrFdda_JQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT

Virtual Reality in Java, is it possible by Erik Pronk & Alexander Chatzizacharias
https://youtu.be/31v5EE1Loyc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq8QYW0vlbOS2JuXUWaWMnT
Videos 51-75