
Ben Hancock - Python in the Newsroom How Python Tools Are Enabling Better Data Journalism
https://youtu.be/oLOQq26ubjU&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Cameron Smith - Python's Best AI Package
https://youtu.be/hTwWlB_67y4&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Carter Sande -  Deploying Python 3 to the Homes of Children Everywhere (on macOS)
https://youtu.be/lFuR9ba_lpk&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Christopher Brousseau - Amazing Interactive Visualizations + Bokeh
https://youtu.be/-kZJH01KIms&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Grant Jenks - Cython for All with GitHub Actions
https://youtu.be/-7_07O5ENhU&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Jenna Quindica - Several People are Typing
https://youtu.be/H-0O5zs6PEo&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

John Rusnak - Better C++ Integration with Python Through Pyllars John Rusnak
https://youtu.be/bIgNjDh7ctM&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Jonas Neubert - Extreme Bikesharing How I used Python to plan an epic Ford GoBike trip
https://youtu.be/-rezMoh2PUM&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Josh Grant - PyTest The Awesome Parts
https://youtu.be/UIijZq8aZiY&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Lightning talk A Brief Overview of Hash Tables - Lisa Au
https://youtu.be/JCw9phJ3dcs&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Lightning talk Interactive Visualizations with Python + Bokeh - Chris Brousseau
https://youtu.be/lw2NvGWsS1Y&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Nate Grover - Adding Security Animation to your Development Pipeline
https://youtu.be/n_-NdgYoiY4&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Nitin Borwankar - In-Database Machine Learning with PostgreSQL
https://youtu.be/qp32PgxHsVc&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Phillip Chu - Enabling Fastai Multi-GPUDDP Training in Jupyter Notebook
https://youtu.be/nD8wMoyV4GU&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Pranay Suresh - Unittest AsyncMock
https://youtu.be/U2vIvBt0jl4&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Private video
https://youtu.be/mgL18Ss5GKU&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Santona Tuli - A Beginner's Intro to Pytest
https://youtu.be/2m-Dzb0yDGE&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Skip Everling - ML-Based Code Completion Tools for Python Programmers
https://youtu.be/yROElKhs370&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Subhajeet Mukherjee - Automating Commits in Github
https://youtu.be/gaZy3dHWXKg&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Sumeet Sandhu - Using Social Networks to address the Climate Emergency
https://youtu.be/wD9lx9SZJpQ&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Tahshara Boochee -  Understanding Binary search
https://youtu.be/aiQEFlLLpIc&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Upkar Lidder - Removing Unfair Bias in Machine Learning
https://youtu.be/7dL8nA4swvQ&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i
Videos 51-75