
Python Basics Boolean Shortcut
https://youtu.be/1GbxvOz0ePc

Python Basics Divisors
https://youtu.be/ZoQnU0G-N8w

Python Basics Factor List Comprehension
https://youtu.be/G4JRgHDs_dI

Python Basics Factors with  For Loop
https://youtu.be/ufZYG6tBgfI

Python Basics How to Assign Multiple and Reassignments Variables
https://youtu.be/UuRtHeNghdY

Python Basics Keywords And Or
https://youtu.be/3mbw4bGp8mo

Python Basics Len Function
https://youtu.be/XQAvSJpDjM0

Python Basics Len with For Loop with Break
https://youtu.be/fekSpfbHlEg

Python Basics Len with while loop
https://youtu.be/2DR0pTV6VAw

Python Basics Lower Denominator
https://youtu.be/BwxRsgwsmVQ

Python Basics Lowest Common Denominator (LCD)
https://youtu.be/yoPxYHDI4XQ

Python Basics Reverse Number Triangle Formated
https://youtu.be/4YzOAfAkDKE

Python Basics Square Number
https://youtu.be/-WSmXqF-3aI

Python Basics String Count Sub-Strings
https://youtu.be/Fjt6oNp-FX8

Python Basics String Find Method
https://youtu.be/XFSo3OTQlIs

Python Basics String Value Unicode
https://youtu.be/goyOGo_kop8

Python Basics String Value Using a Dictionary
https://youtu.be/UPpz08tKINA

Python Basics Sub-String Find Method
https://youtu.be/pK2HRpyfX0s

Python Basics Sub-string Function
https://youtu.be/zxSEkzd6T9A

Python Basics Sum
https://youtu.be/2p25fKLHQJk

Python Basics Thank You
https://youtu.be/CsL3HPctIUs

Python Basics Tutorial Square Root
https://youtu.be/UGac_KqFrn0

Python Basics Unicode
https://youtu.be/C3rhSDpI9I8

Python Basics Using Variables with Range Function
https://youtu.be/UNDgaqJstD4

Python Basics Why Not String Count
https://youtu.be/OlgiJNuVY5g
Videos 901-925