
Boolean Algebra Karnaugh Maps
https://youtu.be/PSg5MJLOPRU

Converting Rotational Motion to Linear Velocity
https://youtu.be/-pIukBCFNy0

Elon Musk The Greatest Threats to Humanity
https://youtu.be/wBBcnhDGmx4

Geometry-4 Ratios and Proportions
https://youtu.be/81Ize04z9Rg

Geometry-6 Perimeter, Circumference & Area of Polygons and Circles
https://youtu.be/y0b2LweKg1g

Java Primitive Data Types
https://youtu.be/pk1T2KAZQSk

Java QuickSort Explained
https://youtu.be/Fiot5yuwPAg

Java RECURSION explained
https://youtu.be/9-ESIZO_JqQ

Java Temperature Conversion
https://youtu.be/hzxiB_HMVno

Jeff Bezos Fascinating Facts
https://youtu.be/lAdCqd00Tzw

Machine Learning Intro
https://youtu.be/nGb7IsTEWpY

Percentages
https://youtu.be/hxU252f-buI

Python Exception Handling with Try Except Finally
https://youtu.be/bqDp3KA89Mw

Python Get Height of a Binary Search Tree
https://youtu.be/aGaMgkJX5-o

Python Get Size of a Binary Search Tree
https://youtu.be/vVhp2FYGNKU

Python RECURSION Explained
https://youtu.be/wMNrSM5RFMc

Python Sort File Line by Line
https://youtu.be/T8UTagpN2mc

Python Top 5 Data Science Libraries
https://youtu.be/XN_IdC68eA0

Python Top 5 Machine Learning Libraries
https://youtu.be/P-QiwRfb17o

Silicon Valley Startup VC Funding 101
https://youtu.be/A0oDds-lYLk

Sine and Cosine Trig Functions
https://youtu.be/WilBySh5icw

Tips for CS Freshmen Students
https://youtu.be/0bdqH7uRLWE

Top 5 Programming Languages for 2018
https://youtu.be/-B5xwK1KFMc

Top 5 Reasons to Learn Java
https://youtu.be/6hWUVWbZMWk

Why Net Neutrality Matters
https://youtu.be/e1dO4Bf78Pk
Videos 126-150