
7 Days Swift Challenge - Day 1 Variable and Data Type in Swift - How to Make an App.url
https://youtu.be/hw9haE827IY&list=PLHmNdpdzx21G3QwhJdy_O3UHuBYBnHhrs

7 Days Swift Challenge - Day 2 Array in Swift - How to Make an App.url
https://youtu.be/tJNxdzSA-VM&list=PLHmNdpdzx21G3QwhJdy_O3UHuBYBnHhrs

7 Days Swift Challenge - Day 2 If Else Statement and Control Flow in Swift - How to Make an App.url
https://youtu.be/D3tizkflYAg&list=PLHmNdpdzx21G3QwhJdy_O3UHuBYBnHhrs

7 Days Swift Challenge - Day 3 Loop in Swift - How to Make an App.url
https://youtu.be/cxG_yCFa6IY&list=PLHmNdpdzx21G3QwhJdy_O3UHuBYBnHhrs

7 Days Swift Challenge - Day 4 Function in Swift - How to Make an App.url
https://youtu.be/o31Dmmo8mss&list=PLHmNdpdzx21G3QwhJdy_O3UHuBYBnHhrs

7 Days Swift Challenge - Day 5 Class in Swift and Object Oriented Programming - How to Make an App.url
https://youtu.be/RGntTkdyPQg&list=PLHmNdpdzx21G3QwhJdy_O3UHuBYBnHhrs

7 Days Swift Challenge - Day 6 Class Initializer in Swift - How to Make an App.url
https://youtu.be/yUGSMLgj2ak&list=PLHmNdpdzx21G3QwhJdy_O3UHuBYBnHhrs

7 Days Swift Challenge - Day 7  Function in Class - How to Make an App.url
https://youtu.be/ykhWiDC4TqY&list=PLHmNdpdzx21G3QwhJdy_O3UHuBYBnHhrs

Create UICollectionView inside UITableViewCell - like App Store, Instagram and Facebook.url
https://youtu.be/4XnXHov2lQU&list=PLHmNdpdzx21G3QwhJdy_O3UHuBYBnHhrs

LEARN TO CODE - HOW TO MAKE AN APP - BUILD iOS APPS.url
https://youtu.be/lDBqtyF8hQU&list=PLHmNdpdzx21G3QwhJdy_O3UHuBYBnHhrs

SWIFT PROGRAMMING TUTORIAL OPTIONAL BINDING FOR SAFE UNWRAPPING PT 34.url
https://youtu.be/i_UXRcydibQ&list=PLHmNdpdzx21G3QwhJdy_O3UHuBYBnHhrs

SWIFT PROGRAMMING TUTORIAL OPTIONAL IN SWIFT PT 14.url
https://youtu.be/qlrc7TegFRo&list=PLHmNdpdzx21G3QwhJdy_O3UHuBYBnHhrs

SWIFT PROGRAMMING TUTORIAL WHAT IS OPTIONAL, WHY AND HOW TO USE OPTIONAL PT 24.url
https://youtu.be/kx17cJ9vkjM&list=PLHmNdpdzx21G3QwhJdy_O3UHuBYBnHhrs

UICollectionView Pt 1  INTRODUCTION to UICollectionView, and UICollectionViewController.url
https://youtu.be/EcmknOicJZM&list=PLHmNdpdzx21G3QwhJdy_O3UHuBYBnHhrs

UICollectionView Pt 2 SET UP APP DATA STRUCTURE - UICollectionViewController, Auto Layout.url
https://youtu.be/iID0I0aEzGw&list=PLHmNdpdzx21G3QwhJdy_O3UHuBYBnHhrs

UICollectionView Pt 3 DESIGN CUSTOM UICOLLECTIONVIEWCELL IN STORYBOBARD.url
https://youtu.be/HjqRxH3BPqs&list=PLHmNdpdzx21G3QwhJdy_O3UHuBYBnHhrs

UICollectionView Pt 4 CREATE CUSTOM UICOLLECTIONVIEWCELL SUBCLASS, AUTO LAYOUT.url
https://youtu.be/ZqJlIpVGplo&list=PLHmNdpdzx21G3QwhJdy_O3UHuBYBnHhrs

UICollectionView Pt 5 CREATE UICOLLECTIONVIEWCONTROLLER IN iOS.url
https://youtu.be/_Rz-gSdh1iU&list=PLHmNdpdzx21G3QwhJdy_O3UHuBYBnHhrs

UICollectionView Pt 6 MULTIPLE SECTIONS IN UICOLLECTIONVIEW AND CUSTOM SECTION HEADER.url
https://youtu.be/s8ihGW7obsQ&list=PLHmNdpdzx21G3QwhJdy_O3UHuBYBnHhrs

UICollectionView Pt 7 IMPLEMENT UICOLLECTIONVIEWDELEGATE.url
https://youtu.be/uV_XmIF_BTU&list=PLHmNdpdzx21G3QwhJdy_O3UHuBYBnHhrs

UICollectionView Pt 8 ADD NEW CELL TO UICOLLECTIONVIEW WITH ANIMATION.url
https://youtu.be/Puf1AKV6OdU&list=PLHmNdpdzx21G3QwhJdy_O3UHuBYBnHhrs

UICollectionView Pt 9 DELETE ITEMS FROM UICOLLECTIONVIEW.url
https://youtu.be/FUs9gpk04FA&list=PLHmNdpdzx21G3QwhJdy_O3UHuBYBnHhrs

UICollectionView Swift Tutorial Pt 4 - Build Pinterest Newsfeed with UICollectionView.url
https://youtu.be/JN-WG-geFEc&list=PLHmNdpdzx21G3QwhJdy_O3UHuBYBnHhrs

UICollectionView Swift Tutorial Pt 5 - Build Pinterest Newsfeed with UICollectionView.url
https://youtu.be/2eqU2nw6YFI&list=PLHmNdpdzx21G3QwhJdy_O3UHuBYBnHhrs

UICollectionView Swift Tutorial Pt 6 - Build Pinterest Newsfeed with UICollectionView.url
https://youtu.be/rvd9q8kfHQo&list=PLHmNdpdzx21G3QwhJdy_O3UHuBYBnHhrs
Videos 26-50