
An iPhone-Python love affair Building APIs for mobile
https://youtu.be/GB0EJUhC7yc&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Aspettando PostgreSQL 9.1
https://youtu.be/hsIEX2PBvJo&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Beyond Python Enhanced Generators
https://youtu.be/Sd4W0DhJ29A&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Building a hosting platform with Python
https://youtu.be/hAqtC_c2x1s&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Building Scalable Web Apps
https://youtu.be/cubJ4tYVrNc&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Combining Embedded and Interactive Python in a Debugger  A Case Study
https://youtu.be/e0QaqrVbNMY&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Come costruire un'azienda distribuita con Python
https://youtu.be/3A7z75PSIuY&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Creare videogames con Panda3D
https://youtu.be/1dzK_k6k36U&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Creating videogames with Panda3D
https://youtu.be/-3fTd53VNHw&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Data Driven Cache Invalidation
https://youtu.be/QCXwsQp8rmM&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Debugging and profiling techniques
https://youtu.be/J29uIkdmHs8&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Dependency injection is your friend
https://youtu.be/PSeSWINJ5YM&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Deploying web applications to the cloud with Python
https://youtu.be/BTpjJkTXFSQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Derivatives Analytics with Python & Numpy
https://youtu.be/NXcWrxzq5KI&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Developing a Cad application as an hobby. My exciting hobby is now my job
https://youtu.be/OqpkB1wv5bs&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Developing Desktop and mobile apps with PySide and QML
https://youtu.be/aoXee8Y-3w0&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Distributing Python programs through PyInstaller
https://youtu.be/MRjpZCw8Fg8&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Diversity as a Dependency
https://youtu.be/PLYI46Ou-wI&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Django productivity tips and tricks
https://youtu.be/bvdhd5kl-nw&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Django trucchi per migliorare la produttivit√†
https://youtu.be/TuCYD1qnNcw&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Exploit your GPU power with PyCUDA (and friends)
https://youtu.be/67Nk4a-izKM&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Flow-based programming made easy with PyF 2.0
https://youtu.be/w_zl52L6CU4&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Fun with Python's newer tools
https://youtu.be/Dop2EoBwyR4&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Generazione di codice in Python  dal documento al codice C++ passando per la modellizzazione UML.
https://youtu.be/jfBGt_g0Z4M&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH

Getting ready for PostgreSQL 9.1
https://youtu.be/71i5FlW30s0&list=PL8uoeex94UhGvfk4HvzqjtiiY8Wx7vouH
Videos 151-175