
1.2-Constants, Variables, and Data Types - Swift 4 - App Development With Swift
https://youtu.be/CoNdaR5dBes&list=PLepWyYEuKv9uHYYLEsBylODQFw504uMYC

1.3-Operators - Swift 4 - App Development With Swift
https://youtu.be/CJSLgyDuozA&list=PLepWyYEuKv9uHYYLEsBylODQFw504uMYC

1.4-Control Flow - Swift 4 - App Development With Swift
https://youtu.be/uBY6c5NY5-k&list=PLepWyYEuKv9uHYYLEsBylODQFw504uMYC

1.6-Building on a Personal Device - Swift 4 - App Development With Swift
https://youtu.be/Dur5s2JqmnA&list=PLepWyYEuKv9uHYYLEsBylODQFw504uMYC

1.6-Building, Running, Debugging an APP - Swift 4 - App Development With Swift
https://youtu.be/OBRAmualxyo&list=PLepWyYEuKv9uHYYLEsBylODQFw504uMYC

2.1-Strings - Swift 4 - App Development With Swift
https://youtu.be/uvLoV_M1bVY&list=PLepWyYEuKv9uHYYLEsBylODQFw504uMYC

2.10-Auto Layout and Stack Views LAB - Swift 4 - App Development With Swift
https://youtu.be/kZljYPgRpJI&list=PLepWyYEuKv9uHYYLEsBylODQFw504uMYC

2.2-Functions - Swift 4 - App Development With Swift
https://youtu.be/zuvvQ8ueyZ4&list=PLepWyYEuKv9uHYYLEsBylODQFw504uMYC

2.3-Structures LAB - Part 1 - Swift 4 - App Development With Swift
https://youtu.be/VgYt2FUSGvQ&list=PLepWyYEuKv9uHYYLEsBylODQFw504uMYC

2.3-Structures LAB - Part 2 - Swift 4 - App Development With Swift
https://youtu.be/2wtoRBZNJu0&list=PLepWyYEuKv9uHYYLEsBylODQFw504uMYC

2.3-Structures LAB-Part 3 - Swift 4 - App Development With Swift
https://youtu.be/Ofg7c6hwZSQ&list=PLepWyYEuKv9uHYYLEsBylODQFw504uMYC

2.4-Classes, Inheritance - Part 1 - Swift 4 - App Development With Swift
https://youtu.be/50YWNm5ZrgM&list=PLepWyYEuKv9uHYYLEsBylODQFw504uMYC

2.4-Classes, Inheritance - Part 2 - Swift 4 - App Development With Swift
https://youtu.be/oAR8lImmFQY&list=PLepWyYEuKv9uHYYLEsBylODQFw504uMYC

2.5-Collections (Arrays Portion) LAB - Swift 4 - App Development With Swift
https://youtu.be/H3DURlFimH8&list=PLepWyYEuKv9uHYYLEsBylODQFw504uMYC

2.6-Loops LAB - Swift 4 - App Development With Swift
https://youtu.be/8BPI53P-UI8&list=PLepWyYEuKv9uHYYLEsBylODQFw504uMYC

3.1-Optionals - Part 1 - Swift 4 - App Development With Swift
https://youtu.be/y06bv8tDBIw&list=PLepWyYEuKv9uHYYLEsBylODQFw504uMYC

3.1-Optionals - Part 2 - Swift 4 - App Development With Swift
https://youtu.be/JWBH3L1fQ7Y&list=PLepWyYEuKv9uHYYLEsBylODQFw504uMYC

3.4 - Constant and Variable Scope - Swift 4 - App Development With Swift
https://youtu.be/ircgqRHpkkE&list=PLepWyYEuKv9uHYYLEsBylODQFw504uMYC

3.5 - Enumerations - Swift 4 - App Development With Swift
https://youtu.be/lEDXQBTqhPE&list=PLepWyYEuKv9uHYYLEsBylODQFw504uMYC

3.6-Segue and Navigation Controllers Chapter Walkthrough (part 1)-Swift 4-App Development With Swift


3.6-Segue and Navigation Controllers Chapter Walkthrough (part 2)-Swift 4-App Development With Swift


3.7-Tab Bar Controllers Chapter Walkthrough (part 1) - Swift 4 - App Development With Swift
https://youtu.be/japRAEHEaVI&list=PLepWyYEuKv9uHYYLEsBylODQFw504uMYC

3.7-Tab Bar Controllers Chapter Walkthrough (part 2) - Swift 4 - App Development With Swift
https://youtu.be/49j4C_aOKiM&list=PLepWyYEuKv9uHYYLEsBylODQFw504uMYC

4.1 - Protocols - Part 1 - Swift 4 - App Development With Swift
https://youtu.be/8C9b_BOr_3Y&list=PLepWyYEuKv9uHYYLEsBylODQFw504uMYC

4.1 - Protocols - Part 2 - Swift 4 - App Development With Swift
https://youtu.be/RSSmo1EWgfs&list=PLepWyYEuKv9uHYYLEsBylODQFw504uMYC
Videos 1-25