
Godot 3 Tutorial - Mobile RPG - Basic Attacking
https://youtu.be/f6RiWi32oO0&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Godot 3 Tutorial - Mobile RPG - P2 Theming and Setters
https://youtu.be/V6Zsg27n__Y&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Godot 3 Tutorial - Mobile RPG - P3 Animating the Enemy
https://youtu.be/2cLy8f6XcD4&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Godot 3 Tutorial - Mobile RPG - P4 UI and Player Stats
https://youtu.be/oPfvHyOjUv4&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Godot 3 Tutorial - Mobile RPG - P5 Turn-based Code Refactor
https://youtu.be/wA7PK7_eDzY&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Godot 3 Tutorial - Mobile RPG - P6 Adding More Battle Actions
https://youtu.be/ET2Y1Y7PgRI&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Godot 3 Tutorial - Mobile RPG - P7 Accessing Battle Units with Scriptable Objects
https://youtu.be/900MO07hq1A&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Godot 3 Tutorial - Mobile RPG - P8 Room Transition and Adding New Enemies
https://youtu.be/KSi35Gh6SL0&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Godot 3 Tutorial - Mobile RPG - P9 Adding Button and Enemy Descriptions
https://youtu.be/eC-013ETkwA&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Godot 3 Tutorial - Simple State Machines
https://youtu.be/4bdiyOGHLtM&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Godot 3.1 Tutorial - Smooth Top-Down Movement
https://youtu.be/BeSJgUTLmk0&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Godot Engine - Importing 3D Models
https://youtu.be/JgQpHwFUdlA&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Godot Engine - Projectile Attacks
https://youtu.be/rY7wzK59-Jw&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Godot Engine 3 - Scriptable Objects P1
https://youtu.be/wuxal3C0800&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Godot Engine 3 - Scriptable Objects P2
https://youtu.be/nkMj4Is81zs&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Godot Shader Tutorial - Chromatic Aberration
https://youtu.be/-PJOHAsBcoI&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Godot Tutorial - Dialog Box
https://youtu.be/xCl1AZINouA&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Jitter-free Pixel Art Scaling in Godot Engine
https://youtu.be/2JbhkZe22bE&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Laser beams in Godot 3.2 (using a RayCast2D)
https://youtu.be/anJ2A2NmaVs&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Make an Action RPG in Godot 3.2 (BONUS  Camera Limits + Hurtbox Bug Fix)
https://youtu.be/3Z7oV0X5vE8&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Make an Action RPG in Godot 3.2 (P10  Signals + Instancing Scenes in Code)
https://youtu.be/1mI04gPhd3E&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Make an Action RPG in Godot 3.2 (P11  Melee attacks with Hurtboxes and Hitboxes)
https://youtu.be/vDbEfmPcv-Q&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Make an Action RPG in Godot 3.2 (P12  Roll State)
https://youtu.be/GWBt1LV9An0&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Make an Action RPG in Godot 3.2 (P13  Knockback and Enemy Bat)
https://youtu.be/mm4D1ETclAc&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Make an Action RPG in Godot 3.2 (P14  Enemy Stats + Export Variables + Setget)
https://youtu.be/srQz4Ix8rZM&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Make an Action RPG in Godot 3.2 (P15  Enemy Death Effect + Bug Fixes)
https://youtu.be/HIPUqqUEbfA&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Make an Action RPG in Godot 3.2 (P16  Bat AI Start)
https://youtu.be/R0XvL3_t840&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Make an Action RPG in Godot 3.2 (P17  Player Stats + Enemy Attack)
https://youtu.be/1MO8DtnxSQs&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Make an Action RPG in Godot 3.2 (P18  Player Hearts UI)
https://youtu.be/7A4EPIr-6Sc&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Make an Action RPG in Godot 3.2 (P19  Enemy Soft Collisions + Profiling)
https://youtu.be/ffXx0dPejWY&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Make an Action RPG in Godot 3.2 (P2  delta + smooth movement)
https://youtu.be/EQA9MJ5_TxU&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Make an Action RPG in Godot 3.2 (P20  Player Camera)
https://youtu.be/MA7jSbXfS34&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Make an Action RPG in Godot 3.2 (P21  Bat Wander State)
https://youtu.be/GAEeE_tVQEI&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Make an Action RPG in Godot 3.2 (P22  Sounds + Hit Flash Effect)
https://youtu.be/Ot9M0TlxApU&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Make an Action RPG in Godot 3.2 (P3  collisions + move_and_slide)
https://youtu.be/TQKXU7iSWUU&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Make an Action RPG in Godot 3.2 (P4  scenes + ysort node)
https://youtu.be/UfKMgHbaGow&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Make an Action RPG in Godot 3.2 (P5  AnimationPlayer)
https://youtu.be/wX145eoLFSM&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Make an Action RPG in Godot 3.2 (P6  Animation in all directions with an AnimationTree)
https://youtu.be/Z9aR9IiiHT8&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Make an Action RPG in Godot 3.2 (P7  Background Grass and Dirt Path Autotile)
https://youtu.be/v75IMavnRUs&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Make an Action RPG in Godot 3.2 (P8  Collisions with Autotiles)
https://youtu.be/RPgTlxb7Bno&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Make an Action RPG in Godot 3.2 (P9  Attacking Animation + State Machines)
https://youtu.be/0nd1zNiy0C4&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Make an Action RPG in Godot 3.2
https://youtu.be/mAbG8Oi-SvQ&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Pixel Platformer - Godot 3.2
https://youtu.be/0713nlQxU7I&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Random Level Generation (walker) with a Player and an Exit - Godot tutorial
https://youtu.be/K7sKUuSd8ME&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Resource Based Inventory (P2 Item Stacking) - Godot 3.2 Intermediate Tutorial
https://youtu.be/l28ui3KfeS0&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

Resource Based Inventory - Godot 3.2 Intermediate Tutorial
https://youtu.be/rdUgf6r7w2Q&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

[Godot Tutorial] Basic Breakout! [P1]
https://youtu.be/ntYjl_obUDo&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

[Godot Tutorial] Basic Breakout! [P2] Scripting!
https://youtu.be/GncaMNv7Fso&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

[Godot Tutorial] Basic Breakout! [P3] Instancing
https://youtu.be/Kb6JU00DDxk&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp

[Godot Tutorial] Basic Breakout! [P4] Getters and Setters
https://youtu.be/0UiAEdEAQ74&list=PL9FzW-m48fn1iR6WL4mjXtGi8P4TaPIAp
Videos 1-25