
100`% Proof you are Worthy (I will prove it to you in under 14 mins)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOPoWRw461A

1111 The Truth of What it Means (How to Use It)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pgml6C0ZypE

17 Second Manifestation Technique for Attracting A Relationship using Reality Transurfing®
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Z__lztNzr0

2 Powerful ways to take the Law of Attraction to the next level
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vSsmUPmCtlI

2020 is going to be HUGE for Anyone that knows these 3 things...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X8RW5pUDOz4

2020 Vibrational HACKS for manifesting your dream reality (LIVE)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPhN-GMGRyg

3 (hidden) Esoteric Manifestation Techniques that work like magic (only use for good)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jkLCmGn8XM0

3 (hidden) Manifestation Techniques You've Never heard of before
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1nCrgyIZT2Y

3 (weird) Ways to Change Your Dominant Vibration INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Ka5vtEUZig

3 Advanced Law of Attraction Techniques You've NEVER Heard Of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6ta1G9QJFo

3 Aspects of Manifestation you Should NEVER Ignore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPzYeHiUUQs

3 Autobiography of a Yogi Stories that will change your life FOREVER
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uiCrhEqSN3g

3 Beliefs that BLOCK The SHIFT Experience From Happening (how to TRANSCEND them)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89rKkH_AhPk

3 Beliefs That Changed My Life Forever (Top 3 Epiphanies)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOtU0OaS7M0

3 Beliefs that if you change, will CHANGE YOUR REALITY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bu6OYop9Qss

3 Beliefs that SHIFT During Spiritual Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFfCD2ePs2w

3 Beliefs to change that change EVERYTHING (and how to do it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3Ylhm3fSiM

3 Beliefs You Must have for INSTANT Manifestation (Law of Attraction Secret)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DYsXIwg7PXA

3 Biggest Law of Attraction Blocks and How to Remove Them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OiYdIoTeFA

3 Biggest Misconceptions with the Law of Attraction (using Quantum Physics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MK8iIU-bGK8

3 BLOCKS to Ascension that are lowering your vibration INSTANTLY (and you don't even know it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X8h8uwbD1Ic

3 Blocks to Reality Transurfing® and How to Remove Them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ClU5ZSsBXYg

3 common Visualization mistakes people make with the LOA (and how to visualize powerfully)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SS49lNvmDD4

3 Conspiracy Theories That May Turn Out to be True in 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NxHq3qzqNoA

3 CORE Beliefs that BLOCK Success, Love and Health (and how to EASILY change them)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZzJocl-j-w

3 Dangerous Things Keeping you STUCK in the Bottom 3 Chakras (how to transcend them)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-IX_JYj4FE

3 Dangerous TRICKS of the Ego that Keep You TRAPT in 3D
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndKCQDO9_vI

3 DANGEROUS Words Keeping you STUCK in 3D (the 3rd Dimension)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j1DrC5ZMskw

3 DANGERS of Manifesting from the EGO WARNING DON'T DO THIS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AfHPOfKj2SY

3 DANGERS of Raising Your Vibration WARNING WATCH THIS FIRST
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXuJd4KFPLw

3 DANGERS Of Your OLD Self-Image That You MUST Know About
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UgzjW8Q65wg

3 DEEP ideas that will Raise Your Vibration and Transform Your Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpH6CdNO2zE

3 EASY Steps to Transform Money Beliefs (Law of Attraction Secret)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9UAoclCJdj8

3 EASY Ways to Raise Your Vibration that Work Like MAGIC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1VXQccDejVA

3 Energy Hacks for Manifestation that Work Like MAGIC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWGgwFfdQwc

3 Esoteric Law of Attraction Techniques you've NEVER Heard of...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9X5a40jrHMs

3 Examples that Prove Beliefs Create Reality (Powerful)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwCFtJs8Y3c

3 False Beliefs About Reality that Are Ruining Your Life (and you don't even know it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSl5lKN-KJQ

3 False Beliefs that are Shaping Your Reality that You Don't Even Know it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S79t2aCRfmo

3 Habits for Raising Your Vibration TRANSCENDING Your Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiVssxy0m5U

3 Habits for TRANSCENDING Consciousness and Raising Your Vibrational Set Point
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVPVaXH1YTA

3 Habits that BLOCK the Law of Attraction from Working
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNuh9PEoe5k

3 HACKS for Creating From the Heart with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SoFmP-u14LA

3 Hacks for Grounding Yourself Most Powerful Grounding Techniques
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1azrdAR4CRc

3 HACKS for Manifesting in the Simulated Reality (Law of Attraction TRUTH)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJZwY9N8C8g

3 HACKS for TRANSCENDING the MATRIX (life-changing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGsA-WjQqSQ

3 Hacks to Enjoying Your Job (you are not passionate about)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-i4tFwYr84

3 Hacks to Start Meditating Today How to Make Meditation a Habit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2WM705W8yY

3 Hidden Agendas Going on Right Now in The World (and you don't even know it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogR_jgpuxkY

3 Hidden Manifestation Processes they don't want you to know about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s03yMJ8UNMY

3 Higher Vibrational Manifestation Secrets That Change EVERYTHING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZL1KtJZG48

3 HUGE Spiritual Awakening Mistakes I made (that changed my life)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Or_XbalE1jc

3 Important Things to Know About What is Really Going on Right Now in The World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AnhAWtoZKZY

3 Intention Exercises that will Transform Your Manifestation Ability
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5QaBicZZ5rc

3 Keys for having a Breakthrough with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGknvJCtrb4

3 Keys for Making THE SHIFT into a 5D Level of Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-qTVb3jT8U

3 Keys to Finding Your Purpose and Doing What You Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9yH1QQQTijg

3 keys to having a Breakthrough with Meditation and ACTUALLY receive benefit from it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oo220DANJ-c

3 Law of Attraction Acceleration Techniques for Manifesting 2X as FAST
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvjYvas3s5s

3 Law of Attraction Concepts that are Totally Misunderstood and RUINING Your Life w Leeor Alexandra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q1IvIA45OLE

3 Law of Attraction Habits That Changed My Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZRoTfolhVo

3 Law of Attraction Mistakes and How to Avoid them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4GS1dSROa8

3 Law of Attraction Morning Routine Habits that ACCELERATE the Law of Attraction Process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJFuFSO_p30

3 Law of Attraction TRUTHS I Wish I Knew Earlier
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqjF4844FqI

3 Life Hacks for More Focus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LsNfYT37Ei0

3 Life Hacks to Having More Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIQ3iRtGEmQ

3 Low Vibrational TRAPS You May Be in (and not even know it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2pXPiXNvY8

3 Manifestation Mistakes that BLOCK Money, Love and Success from Manifesting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sPE6oKqxJbA

3 Manifestation Principles that took me 8 Years to Learn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kIxa36mqYCg

3 Manifestation Rituals and Routines that have changed my life (Meditation Inside)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-G0bBKsJu6E

3 Manifestation Signs You Should NEVER Ignore (Manifestation Secrets)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFFfa6rN8LU

3 Manifestation Techniques I wish I knew Earlier (these changed my life)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vpB8WkLa3I

3 Manifestation Warnings you MUST know about (be careful what you ask for)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CipGkzo_mEU

3 Mastermind Secrets to Attract What You Want Faster (The Secret to FAST Results)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dr5uiDrSCk4

3 Metaphors That Will Transform Your Life Forever (Apply These)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DVdb9txT5BU

3 Mind Power Techniques That Will Change Your Life Forever (Use This)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wa4_7fWj2RU

3 money beliefs if you change will change EVERYTHING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGWO4sD8Tzw

3 Money Beliefs Keeping You in Scarcity DEBUNKED (just know this...)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdmCLZwWdv0

3 Most Powerful Ways to Communicate with the Universe (Law of Attraction Secret)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtT_Xyndekg

3 Myths About The Great Awakening (it's time you know)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-244A_tCU8

3 Myths of 5D you must NOT Buy into!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0p_Jq0YcmiU

3 Negative Side Effects Of Raising Your Vibration (NO ONE TELLS YOU THIS)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xU7dGxRCRoA

3 Outdated Law of Attraction Ideas and How to Update them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XN88N7kKEdY

3 Phrases that BLOCK You from Attracting What you Want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ca-GKwSnyd8

3 Phrases that Will Transform Your Life Forever (Use These)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmjBRmwWOaI

3 Powerful Techniques for Creating your Reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5u9Smr81Oms

3 Powerful Visualization Processes that I personally use
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jVqf_F0Supo

3 Powerful Ways to Feel Worthy INSTANTLY (GAME-CHANGER)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FkyKCG7t92k

3 Powerful Ways to Love Yourself INSTANTLY (100`% Self Love)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwuPthHsQR4

3 Powerful ways to make Affirmations ACTUALLY work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfB9Oze2tbk

3 Powerful ways to Receive and Allow more with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vu6_g13XT48

3 Practical Examples of Using Reality Transurfing® and How to Apply it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjNpPpmSsI0

3 Pre-Life Agreements You Made Before You Were Born (and Forgot About)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYk4rrtmjiM

3 Quantum Jumping Techniques that changed my life FOREVER
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLMlcv1vUIQ

3 Questions that GUARANTEE Positive Results With the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lGpEUdsj04s

3 Real Life Examples of Reality Transurfing® ft. Victor Oddo (How to Apply Reality Transurfing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-Ot4RtnoEM

3 Reality Shifting Ideas that will TRANSFORM Your Manifestation Ability
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74dTnF4_oyc

3 Reality Shifting Techniques for Decreasing Importance (Law of Attraction Alternative)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qZkkS4Fokac

3 Reality Shifting Techniques More Powerful Than the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOjn-jvukb4

3 Reality Shifting Techniques that Will SHIFT You to a Parallel Reality (NO GOING BACK)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KNB_CT91e4

3 Reality Transurfing® Ideas that Changed My Life (How to Apply Reality Transurfing®)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TgGYxRGGmQ4

3 Reality Transurfing® Manifestation Techniques that Work Like MAGIC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBeri7e4suY

3 Reality Transurfing® Techniques that Work Like MAGIC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VD97XDGe7LI

3 Realizations to feel Powerful NOW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ubykgfZ_2U

3 Reasons Affirmations Are NOT Working (How to Fix it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwD3ux8PnP8

3 Reasons Parallel Reality Manifestation is more Powerful than the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAHnt2VKFw8

3 Reasons Reality Transurfing® will Change Your Life (How to Apply it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efec0-0qwJ0

3 Reasons Starseeds Came to Earth at this Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6nS6siEtlkE

3 Reasons the Law of Attraction is NOT Working (How to Fix It)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6L6CSykjJE

3 Reasons Things Are NOT Manifesting with the Law of Attraction and How to Turn it Around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B02lkJuKU4M

3 Reasons to NOT Ascend into 5D reality (and STAY in 3D)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S98QSfnMqgY

3 reasons Visualization isn't working (and how to fix it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYPgDo9pPkQ

3 Reasons you aren't Attracting a Relationship (and how to fix it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VE6wtbQQY-I

3 Reasons you aren't attracting what you want (and how to fix it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOTp9HigcdE

3 Reasons You Attract the OPPOSITE of What You Want (and how to fix it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EGV_F8BdjyQ

3 Reasons You Chose Your Parents (You Forgot This Soul Contract)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQ66MpLdYBQ

3 Reasons You MUST Raise Your Vibration (How to Do it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twi7B32uDEU

3 reasons your Third Eye isn't opening (and how to REALLY open it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nb6Kitl_x0U

3 Red Pill Truths on Attracting Love (i am scared to share)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TkE1pFtiHCk

3 Secrets about Who you REALLY ARE WARNING THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TGqgnXDdSY

3 Secrets all High Vibrational People Know but will NEVER Tell You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfH9iiWTvJc

3 Secrets for Going BEYOND Beliefs and into Transformation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNBwpv2LDLY

3 Secrets for the Law of Attraction Process (Powerful)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdpMVwlA0iE

3 Secrets of 5D Manifestation that will Change Your Life FOREVER
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4vz5g1KDuc

3 Secrets of Gratitude NO ONE TELLS YOU (Law of Attraction Secrets)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ih8q88DLosE

3 Secrets of Intention Prepave Your Way to Success Like This...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XR4EISlu0Ds

3 Secrets of the MATRIX you've NEVER heard of...(HACK the simulation like this)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3rG9WU6IaU

3 Secrets of Vibrational Alignment that Makes Manifestation So MUCH EASIER
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PaI2IPyNGJw

3 Secrets of Your Higher-Self That Will Change Your Life (FOREVER)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0lf53E1SCA

3 Secrets of Your Higher-Self WARNING WATCH OUT FOR THIS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEhNbiogoU8

3 Secrets of Your Shadow-Self (it's time you know about)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IwfO8TqFZg0

3 Secrets to LASER Focus, Concentration and Success
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkrPHFvsS6M

3 Secrets To Letting Go That Make It Easy AF (SO simple)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXxT0XDVjVI

3 Secrets to Vibration That Will Change Your Life Forever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgoeuAirxRw

3 Shadow Wounds of Having Brothers and Sisters (and you don't even know it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0FQoZ71imA4

3 Signs Attracting a Relationship is Closer Than You Think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DK8A3u54WY

3 Signs of Your Past Life and How to Connect to it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3MT4AH8yyCA

3 Signs The Great Awakening Timeline Split Has Begun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SGSaAxf1aQY

3 signs their secret plan isn't working
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYMlgHsgMUc

3 Signs we are about to go through a MASSIVE SHIFT in Consciousness (are you ready)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gy15DYYqaY

3 Signs We Live in a Holographic Reality and What to Do About it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X89pF5CnK5g

3 Signs we live in a Simulated Reality (and what to do about it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydC_u3Fn7Qk

3 Signs You are a Starseed and What to Do About It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hZo18E0w5dM

3 Signs you Are About to Go Through a MASSIVE SHIFT in Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PpIYrIsTBk

3 Signs You Are About to Have a Breakthrough with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvLc9AiBs3o

3 Signs you are about to have a Quantum SHIFT in Vibration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0n-hYUVNko

3 Signs You Are An IMMORTAL Spiritual Being Having a Temporary Human Experience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMGRAvTh0Bg

3 Signs You Are Having a Spiritual Awakening (and dont know it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwbwMM0Ol-c

3 Signs you are in the 4th Dimension and how to make the SHIFT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nF9kFM6qPk

3 Signs You Are on an Optimal Timeline Right now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8lL51r1iRQ

3 Signs You Are Raising Your Vibration to the Most Optimal Timeline
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GWFFFsv_eTE

3 Signs You Are Trying Too Hard to Manifest What You Want With the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2y3TTQJXLBs

3 Signs You Have Shifted to A Parallel Reality (AND DON'T KNOW IT)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_PBh-wOT-m0

3 Signs You Live in a Virtual Reality (and Don't Know it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aaNuypZceSk

3 Signs You MUST Decrease Importance to Attract What You Want (Reality Transurfing® Secret)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPnZ_yys-q8

3 Signs You've Shifted to a Parallel Reality (And Don't Know It)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdlU8vBi-nY

3 Signs Your Manifestation is Closer Than You Think (How to Know)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHvpzmR60O8

3 Soul Contracts You Signed Before You Were Born (You Forgot This)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5Dsz5Yw3bg

3 Spiritual Awakening TRAPS that Lower Your Vibration INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-Cn7G9tP-4

3 Starseed MYTHS it's time you know about The TRUTH
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8b21weqt19o

3 Step Process for INSTANT Manifestation (Law of Attraction Secret)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KrZhsy8I-yk

3 Steps to Anchor in your New Self-Image (and maintain it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsyFkUHWlmU

3 Steps to Attracting Love and Having Them Chase You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdTY6qf-vs0

3 Steps to change your Dominant Vibration to Attract Money, Love & Success Easily
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6ynkVyxY2k

3 Steps to Creating your Reality (more powerful than the Law of attraction)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqElc2x1jNQ

3 steps to Creating your Reality More Powerful than the Law of Attraction (part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBS-4wnpqvk

3 Steps to DESTROY Self Doubt and Be AMAZINGLY Confident
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtoW1eSwWU4

3 Steps to EASILY Become More Disciplined (My Secrets)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_KbfKf0Fgw

3 Steps to Feeling Empowered to Use the Law of Attraction (Bonus Meditation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDpaAbfoq7w

3 Steps to Finding Your Purpose and Passion in Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUT5g3RJ6N4

3 Steps to Manifest Faster (Powerful Law of Attraction Process)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kUSEoBeIKI

3 Steps to Quantum Jumping to a Parallel Reality (NO GOING BACK)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BBUxLsNE490

3 Steps to SHIFT your Identity & TRANSFORM your Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVA-jB7qPek

3 Steps to TRANSFORM Your Beliefs to Attract What you Want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VEsNoxw9LBQ

3 Supernatural Abilities You Had As a Child (But Lost and Forgot)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOcC3Q48CaY

3 Surprising Ways to Attract More Abundance Using the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJ6oLsaybr4

3 Techniques to Attract Love using the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgdDayoPvIM

3 Techniques to Attract What You Want Faster (Use These)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvXYAYbgrXY

3 Techniques to MASTER Your Mind for Success (USE THESE)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hT-sziLhz9A

3 techniques to Receive and Allow more with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYEt5hfAOR8

3 Techniques to UNLOCK Your Hidden Potential with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1mKXFo1Nmxc

3 Theories About What is REALLY Going on Behind the Scenes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pG9I8s9Yc5o

3 Things about Extraterrestrials that NO ONE TELLS YOU that will change your life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvfFMjoIuK8

3 Things about Extraterrestrials that will freak you out (but are probably true)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUE7-mclYhM

3 Things ALL Enlightened People Know (But Will NEVER Tell You)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y62QRtrTSnw

3 Things ALL Starseeds Agreed to Before They were Born (You Forgot These)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ly8fpu-adp0

3 Things ALL Starseeds Do in Dreamstate (and don't even know it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJQab5rEGsQ

3 things all Starseeds MUST GIVE UP in 2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1DGHbWHQuBo

3 Things ALL Starseeds Must Know in 2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JKNgV2sAQ5g

3 Things Extraterrestrials want you to know (it's time you know)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cCr7rIt6_bI

3 Things Extraterrestrials Want You To Know in 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48T4_Cqi_2g

3 Things High Vibrational People ALWAYS Do to be in a High Vibration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YdIDLxVJtDY

3 Things I MUST do Everyday to Raise My Vibration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffS0QqwfV8k

3 Things Jim Carrey Taught me about the Law of Attraction and Spiritual Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBzwjgx0aHs

3 Things Keeping You LOCKED in Low Vibration and How to Break FREE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ik1FNiHw6C0

3 Things Keeping you TRAPPED in the 3rd Dimension and you don't even know it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EbgJ-cECcjM

3 Things Lightworkers MUST DO to Fulfill Their Mission on Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6fWCp8nj7M

3 Things Lightworkers MUST Know to AWAKEN to Their Mission on Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bVhxTqe7ZE

3 Things NOT Allowed in 5D Consciousness (Let go of these)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JCktBM_fuYQ

3 Things Starseeds MUST know in 2020 (WATCH THIS NOW)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9FqlJHXG0Fo

3 Things Successful People Do to Attract What They Want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-QqaIdhuuRQ

3 Things that Accelerate the Ascension Process 10X
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UvGOVcuC0-A

3 Things that Are BLOCKING You from Raising Your Vibration INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0qJ6OU8j4k

3 Things that BLOCK Visualization from Working (How to Fix It)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DQAhHdrNk1M

3 Things that Happen After Death (WARNING NOT WHAT YOU THINK)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDLOhnxJTQ4

3 Things that Happen When You Start to Raise Your Vibration (Watch Out for These)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVgAc1lXvBc

3 Things that keep you Locked OUT of 5D (don't do this)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7DEd405X9U

3 Things that Make Manifesting in 4D EFFORTLESS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IflnlUpHFtw

3 Things to do Instead of Chasing Love and Relationships (they will chase you)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xyTCVP1KOPw

3 Things to Do When UNWANTED Things Manifest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-z6ODBm19U

3 things to do when you aren't Attracting what you want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5nSlps0v5s

3 Things to Give Up to Attract A Relationship Using the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGPSnBrGT_4

3 Things to Give Up to Change Your Beliefs INSTANTLY (Beliefs Create Reality)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1oaRTKc_XVQ

3 Things To Give up to EASILY Meditate and Benefit from Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNUDPmxel6w

3 Things to Give Up to Feel Confident INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKe3iJevZRo

3 Things to Give Up to Feel Positive Emotion INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yE5455kTxmA

3 Things to Give Up To Make Visualization More Powerful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H73AIlaXrzY

3 Things to Give Up To Open Your Third Eye and Activate Your Pineal Gland
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdRb14iXnEw

3 things to let go of to Attract a Relationship
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jo5apqmYtIo

3 things to Let Go of to Attract what you want (and how to do it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JaFHeC28Nls

3 Things to Remember When Feeling Inferior (How to Feel Worthy)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I18F6V-6Zf8

3 Things to Remember When Things Aren't Manifesting (Law of Attraction Secrets)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hat7sh6zmms

3 Things You Agreed to Before You Were Born (You Forgot These)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2oNVQH02vUA

3 Things You Do in Dream State and YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW IT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fEDtcO8kdzA

3 Things You Knew About Manifestation Before You Were Born
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KAm91jua54

3 Things You Knew About this Life Before You Were Born (Did you forget this)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOHAcgapJDg

3 Things You Must do to Activate Your Lightbody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gFgnpkHZmN0

3 Things You Must do to Attract Miracles into Your Life using the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUiJ785tssY

3 Things You Must Do to Attract Your Soulmate feat Victor Oddo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ATGGeOXDhaU

3 Things You MUST Do to Experience The SHIFT and Transcend Your Level of Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gxWEHoH1j0

3 Things You MUST Do To Find Your Purpose in Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_PcPGhcKc6k

3 Things You Must Do to Heal Yourself Emotionally, Mentally and Physically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BBO20zTskXE

3 Things You MUST do to Make Reality Transurfing® Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7g7YbCV63B8

3 Things You MUST do to make the 3D to 5D Earth Split
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9JNOnYXaVk

3 Things you MUST Do to Manifest in the 4th Dimension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7irNQ8WJog

3 Things You MUST Do to Manifest in the 5th Dimension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTp9H4CqpQU

3 Things You MUST do to Raise Your Vibration to the NEXT Level
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIdKH372KbI

3 Things You MUST Do to TRANSCEND the Third Dimension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8iBxtqUCac8

3 Things You MUST Do to TRANSFORM Your Manifestation Ability
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PYbZ2S9LFo

3 Things You MUST Give up to ACCELERATE the Law of Attraction Process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsbyRwXiq7c

3 Things You MUST Give up to be in 5D
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtBAVEucEb8

3 Things You MUST Give Up To Experience The SHIFT In Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osK4T5tsJbQ

3 Things You MUST Give Up To Have Magnetic AF Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqO90_JeYwU

3 Things You Must Give Up to Manifest While You Sleep (You MUST Do This)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afzzORshcZ8

3 Things You Must Know About the Ascension Energy in 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIjtMN5FpZk

3 Things You MUST Know About the Rest of 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qebSFMh7x1c

3 Things You Must Know BEFORE You Raise Your Vibration (NOT WHAT YOU THINK)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5RhqDxCtMw

3 Things You Must STOP Doing to Raise Your Vibration INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqN282zdLWU

3 Things You NEED to Know About the Vibrational Shift Happening NOW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_8XauAB7lE

3 Things Your Ego Doesn't Want You to Know and Will NEVER Tell You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctEUvub50SY

3 Things Your Higher Self Wants You to Know (But Can NOT Tell You)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TmjIvDSRdAk

3 Things Your Higher-Self Wants You To Know (Life-Changing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOxbHfCZiAE

3 Things Your Higher-Self Wants Your Ego to Know (Just Know This)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DvOrwvIytJY

3 Timeless Manifestation Techniques that Work Like MAGIC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AImH07ZXUMM

3 Traits MOST Starseeds Have (and don't even know it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2l0NnKcw5Lc

3 Tricks of the EGO that BLOCK Success, Happiness and Manifestation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CHoLxSbpNZc

3 TRUTHS About Extraterrestrials that will BLOW Your Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8d8T35tqlk

3 TRUTHS About Reality That Will Change Your Life FOREVER
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGQV1Da1suU

3 Truths About Spirit Guides No One Tells You (and How to Connect to Them)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2kfnvfEjdM

3 Truths About Thoughts, Energy Fields and the Vibration of Objects That Will Change Your Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GD7NCZrHU_4

3 TRUTHS About Timeline Shifting That Will Change Your Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ws7xZrFDIbQ

3 Truths About Your Dominant Vibration That knowing changes EVERYTHING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1APFJ1dFs_s

3 TRUTHS That Make Manifestation SO MUCH EASIER (Law of Attraction SECRET)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pxxo2SILZQg

3 Types of Attachments that Are BLOCKING Money, Love and Success (instead, do this)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2LYiZvS-cOs

3 Types of Energy Fields that Are CONTROLLING Your Life (and you don't even know it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-I2h5bIDX8

3 Vibrational Cock Blocks To Attracting Love (most powerful technique)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hChvGwjb2us

3 Vibrational Levels of Money (which one are you)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4l2fijRvJ0

3 Vibrational Levels of Relationships (which one are you)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqYv2XJGSQ0

3 Vibrational Manifestation HACKS NO ONE TELLS YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UpvrhfEBqd4

3 Visualization Mistakes that BLOCK Manifestation (Law of Attraction BLOCKS)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9HjGt09E7I

3 Ways Attachment Is Blocking Money Love & Success From Manifesting In Your Life (Do this Instead)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pwap8VZ_9k4

3 Ways Enlightened People Manifest INSTANTLY (Manifestation Secrets)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfg1gkSKKSk

3 Ways Extraterrestrials Communicate with you (and you don't even know it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gC6kNrGxxzM

3 Ways I Radically SHIFT My Identity (only use for good)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RfaPge-7lLg

3 Ways Manifestation will Change in 2020 (and how to manifest in the new energy)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZ1iflRMnJU

3 Ways to ACT AS IF that will Change Your Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJH_T_zGiEk

3 Ways to Architect Your Own Reality (Simulation Theory Manifestation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5XguMOTXf8

3 Ways to Ascend into 5D without leaving your Dog Behind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1R4Wcky9N4

3 Ways to Attract a Relationship using Reality Transurfing® (Law of Attraction Alternative)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ZXYiZdXQ2Y

3 ways to Attract a Specific Person (or Ex) into your life using the law of attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8qY_EX8xjls

3 Ways to Attract High Vibrational Friends w Leeor Alexandra and Isabel Palacios
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zK9A3O7nl4

3 ways to Attract more Abundance with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INf3XMJn7PU

3 Ways to Attract More Money Using Reality Transurfing® (Law of Attraction Alternative)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHUSFcpJgls

3 ways to Attract someone OUT of your life (and STOP attracting unwanted people)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9SyYCrU3_Y

3 Ways to Attract What You Want Faster (Powerful)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53xFzWAMTjQ

3 Ways to be More Deliberate with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kqet5LYy3aQ

3 Ways to Believe it BEFORE You See it (you'll see it when you believe it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWtIrS3YZg4

3 Ways to Break Out of the Matrix and Become a Master Manifestor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKz9yhhbPwE

3 Ways to Break OUT of the Matrix that will change your life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W4-Sxu6eSac

3 Ways to Change Emotions to Attract What You Want with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12eEsYAmYsc

3 Ways to Connect with your Higher-Self to Attract What You REALLY Want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SpOxwoPpr68

3 Ways to Deal with Narcissists and Sociopaths without giving them your energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1ptCVUGMJs

3 Ways to Decrease Importance using Reality Transurfing® (Law of Attraction Alternative)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lGspa_4UgSo

3 Ways to Develop ABSOLUTE Trust in Your Manifestation Ability
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzeT-WJi0tI

3 ways to feel more with Visualization (and how to make it powerful)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FTAVDmZCuc

3 Ways to FINALLY Breakthrough with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0VtU1pCRWw

3 Ways to go BEYOND the Law of Attraction and Why thinking isn't Enough
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WHt7aUQnKnE

3 Ways to Heal Past Memories FOREVER (Life Changing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fAYk8ZC5f88

3 Ways to Heal Your Painful Past and Raise Your Vibration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SLNKknl9bR4

3 Ways to Heal Yourself INSTANTLY using the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QevJvkH9J4s

3 Ways to Increase Emotion to Attract What You Want with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-42-ba93Hac

3 Ways to INCREASE the Probability of Manifestation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8jnZAAuGSvI

3 Ways to Increase the Vibration of Thoughts so you manifest FASTER
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h68cEK4B2Ag

3 Ways to Increase your Ability to Attract What You Want with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwUDQ8sacZU

3 Ways to Increase your Vibration to Attract What You Want with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZsBOYG08G0

3 ways to Make the Universe Manifest FOR You (Life-Changing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9MwnywjxmHk

3 Ways to Make Thoughts More Powerful to Attract What You Want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whEjt9MW8h4

3 Ways to MASTER the Law of Attraction Process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AbWKBs8y0ik

3 ways to Match the Frequency of the Reality you Desire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWJPne6vn6A

3 Ways to Match the Vibration of What You Want to Attract using the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SY4KtlfRIMY

3 Ways to More Powerfully Attract What You Want Using the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxOgXocoIws

3 Ways To NEVER Let Negative People Affect You Again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcTJg0dmo5Y

3 Ways to Purge Your Mind of Toxic Thought Forms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QlRxfZ7lPQE

3 Ways to Quantum Jump to a Parallel Reality (no going back)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGg-gmbKnZI

3 Ways to Quantum Leap Your Manifestation (Beyond the Law of Attraction)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bf_Mck9DgAk

3 Ways to Raise Your Vibration INSTANTLY and Increase Your Frequency
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pp0Ox5gImMI

3 Ways to Raise Your Vibration to the 5th Dimension INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GJk2VUV_tE

3 Ways to Raise Your Vibrational Frequency Using Your Emotions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iB_5n71MLis

3 ways to Remove Blocks with the Law of Attraction (and Speed up the Process)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FeBXSuCakS0

3 Ways to Reprogram Your Beliefs about Money and Abundance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3aHWgUbEy4

3 ways to Shift to the Parallel Reality You Desire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZljSsDNJaw

3 ways to Speed Up the Law of Attraction and Manifestation Process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nch24wZpCLU

3 ways to STOP Attracting Bad Things with the Law of Attraction (How to Reverse it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rfDmkzOZFw

3 Ways to STOP Forcing Your Manifestations and ALLOW with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9n3Wyio0yY

3 Ways to Take Your Power Back and Create Your Own Reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovNwLtvshuE

3 Ways to Tap into the LOVE Frequency NOW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DyltcOWiBKE

3 Ways to Tap Into Your CORE Vibration with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjiieoL8FvQ

3 Ways to TRANSCEND Your Level of Consciousness (Ascend Like This)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYUy6CEdZRs

3 Ways to TRANSFORM Your Confidence using Reality Transurfing®
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOyBZY_fZkU

3 Ways to TRANSFORM Your Emotions and Raise Your Vibration (Guided Meditation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NCDMB8jk-o

3 Ways to TRANSFORM Your Life By Changing Your Story
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfGCFpVc4CQ

3 Ways to TRANSFORM Your Money Beliefs to Attract What you Want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=peTvx7xWzG0

3 Ways to TRANSFORM Your Vibrational Set-Point FOREVER (Raise Your Vibration)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vgemnESkSLA

3 Ways to UNLOCK Your Brains FULL Potential and Use 100`% of Your Brain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBDOfZnNaDU

3 Ways to UNLOCK Your Default Vibration and Increase Your Frequency
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_wrHtA488c

3 Ways to UNPLUG From the Matrix and TRANSCEND Your Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FyqB2Xn-Dss

3 Ways to Use Quantum Physics to Manifest Your Dream Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhgq5naOtOk

3 Ways to Use the Observer Effect to Attract What You Want With The Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8N2iA9dg6Kg

3 Ways Your Belief Systems Are BLOCKING The Law of Attraction From Working
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnTLmgKRq2Y

3 Ways Your Higher-Self Communicates With You (and You Don't Know it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbozn0oe1GY

3 Ways Your Morning Routine is BLOCKING the Law of Attraction From Working (How to Fix it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdDNdyZcpOU

3 Ways Your Spirit Guides Communicate with you (and you don't even know it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyI8aKPR7zI

3 Weird Rituals That Skyrocketed My Vibration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1DqxHNyat6I

3 weird Secrets to Vibrationally TUNE to the Reality You Want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPWXwIAvwL4

3 Weird Things About Your Higher Self that will probably freak you out (or blow your mind)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zoBapgjW8SM

3 Weird Things I Do to Get into Alignment with My Desires That I am Scared to Share
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSKFj6ICfSg

3 Weird Vibrational HACKS that Raise My Vibration INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1DMRLyQQeA

3 Weird Vibrational Secrets that Will Make You Look at Life Differently
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AwSTpi8gdD8

3 Weird Ways Music Influences Your Vibration (and you don't even know it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdvUMIEhFWY

3 Weird Ways to Change Your Dominant Vibration INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOX497405oQ

3 Weird Ways to Match the Vibration of your Dream Reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WyScM1ri-p8

3 Weird Ways To SHIFT Parallel Reality Timelines that will Change Your Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icifit2c8vw

3 Words that STOP Manifestation in its Tracks (Remove Law of Attraction Blocks)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgEG0CwQRi4

4D Energies that are Influencing Your Life and you don't even know it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CPX7C8nmLoE

4th Dimensional Habits that will Raise Your Vibration INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aRsmNDtKxYw

5 Books that will Raise Your Vibration and Transform Your Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMuqEOdATag

5 DEADLY problems with The Great Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKF1CkMUUbE

5 Habits (almost) All High Vibrational People Have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7M4rJ1l-7tc

5 Manifestation Secrets I am Scared to Share
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vC6frd-bnw

5 Minute Guide to DELIBERATELY Creating Your Reality (EASY LAW OF ATTRACTION PROCESS)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EHFxh04gbzc

5 Reasons the Elite's Plan to Control The Masses will FAIL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5AII2p36BvY

5 Reasons To Set Boundaries or ELSE And HOW To Easily Do It!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4Ksg9xpcFU

5 Signs a Global Awakening is Happening (and you're apart of it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7Pehal4SuQ

5 Signs You are Awake  (and Don't Know it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PLLKRfaqxaY

5 Signs You are Raising Your Vibration to a Whole NEW Level (and don't even know it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6luy_4nsFbE

5 Things I do to Get into High Vibration Everyday (game-changer)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gD86Hd4GBfs

5 Things I use that have Raised My Vibration Permanently
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCfOpq1u4Cw

5 Things That Mess up Your Optimal Timeline (and you don't even know it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9QaznaRRBI

5 Things that will change your Dominant Vibration INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qWQQ7iNGn38

5 Things to Give Up to Attract More Money INSTANTLY Using the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCOFb9yhX28

5 Things to Give Up To Attract What You Want (Law of Attraction Secret)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aoVPkHNvjuY

5 Things To Give Up to Communicate With the Universe and Attract What You Want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=du8u_AMhm_8

5 Things to Give Up to Feel Happy INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cu5A3H3HYGw

5 Things to Give Up to Raise Your Vibration INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cpJOksRbaUg

5 Things You Must Give Up to Attract Love INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ELmezadyOzA

5 Things Your Spirit Guides Want You to Know NOW (WATCH THIS)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KWtTFGUbkpE

5 Ways to Change Your Dominant Vibration Permanently in 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bvhx9ErlK7M

5 Ways To Raise Your Love Vibration INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJESas_0ADI

5 Weird Things I did to Manifest My Dream Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3SRVZ-UhYNk

5D Habits that will Raise Your Vibration INSTANTLY in 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIBROdwfwSg

5D Manifestation Techniques that go BEYOND the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0e6x32-rPwk

5D SHIFTING The NEW Paradigm of Manifestation Revealed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elyh27fCSHM

5G A Spiritual Perspective with Victor Oddo, Leeor Alexandra and Bridget Nielsen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4v7rbeXI2Es

5th Dimensional Habits that will Raise Your Vibration INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WYOORv2H_uI

5th Dimensional SECRETS to our Reality that will change your life FOREVER
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3LTkt7-YSIM

5th Dimensional Techniques That Will Raise Your Vibration INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zRZz7BSH2o

7  Weird Habits that Keep me in High Vibration no matter what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7GAexI_CNw

7 Conspiracy Theories that may Actually be True (but sound crazy)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpyJg2II4S4

7 Inconvenient TRUTHS on Raising Your Vibration NO ONE TELLS YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tS7-Fwr-pE8

7 Secrets They Don't Want You to Know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ycp9HboZH6s

7 Things I gave Up the Raised My Vibration Almost INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hU6sk90S9D0

7 things Influencing your Vibration (and you don't even know it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cB4KP4cnuA4

7 Vibrational Rules that will change the way you See the world FOREVER
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3p0EHgiOBso

7 Ways to Raise Your Vibration PERMANENTLY (life changing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SLkV7YGUMXg

90`% of Attracting a RelationshipLove is Complete when you change this ONE belief
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NcLAVG8nPMg

90`% of Attracting Love is complete when you do this one thing...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zicRFq_Xi_o

90`% of Attracting Money, Love and Success is Complete when You do this ONE thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=genWM1crzcA

90`% of Changing Your Dominant Vibration is Complete When You do this ONE thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a85FY8BmlVA

90`% of Raising Your Vibrational Set Point is Complete when you do this ONE thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lvorD26mhk

90`% of Reality Creation is Complete when you change this one belief
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nacRSlaw3rw

90`% of Reality Creation is Complete When You do this one thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPyj3h_02JQ

90`% of your intentions will manifest if you do this one thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NGsL6lAsKdc

A message to all Lightworkers in 2021 (here is what we MUST do)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0TN-7eZhgY

A Powerful Technique to Recondition your mind to Attract what you want with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rPdZkDYoWms

A Powerful Way to Raise to a Higher Consciousness Meditation Exercise (this changed my life)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8UT9ww3DYPM

A Practical Guide to Awakening and Expanding your Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cm1H8q31znk

A Process More Powerful than the Law of Attraction Missing Key to the Secret
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kTNF-6Fa9o

A Technique to Increase Your Magnetic Energy to Attract What You Desire (Try This)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jb1He_IToLk

Aaron Doughty's Morning Meditation For Manifestation & Raising Vibration (Step-By-Step)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpeuRwl-1Sc

Aaron Doughty's Morning Meditation for the Law of Attraction and Raising your Vibration INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_fCULL_Ldg

Aaron Doughty's Secret Formula for Manifestation (this changed my life)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFx_zj-Chbg

Abraham Hicks Guided Meditation for Getting into the Vortex (Most Powerful Meditation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1az1Zl1RGbY

ACT AS IF Law of Attraction Process to Attract What You Want (Do This DAILY)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FzzbPcFeCyw

Advice to the Past Version of me NOT living my Dream Life (that would have changed EVERYTHING)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNszwwiCZuM

Aligning Emotions to Desires with the Law of Attraction (The Secret)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VofWwU9PF-Q

An important message from your future-self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oBg2tCyQun0

An Unpopular View on Narcissism that may change your perspective
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4k0sT4Ugfs

Archetypal Energy Manifestation This works like MAGIC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJTmEghdjJM

Ascension and Manifestation The NEW Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VF1ee09cP10

Ascension from 3D to 4D Reality (how to go back and forth)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EsLRBCPTkMs

Ascension in 2019 The SPLITTING of Timelines begins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CmggAvy09-I

Ascension into the 4th Dimension and Why it's Happening NOW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_kA33l12yM

Ascension Timeline SHIFTING the TRUTH about getting left behind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JuVrDtSf3KA

Astral Projection 3 reasons you aren't Astral Projecting (and how to fix it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIuPWKSMJwo

Astrology and Ascension The TRUTH it's time you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tV8aKNQgdA

Attachment is Blocking Love (if you let go it would come)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EtTm_ALuTDw

Attract a Relationship by Changing these 3 Beliefs (and how to do it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_tBg9-2qF3k

Attract Love and Relationships using the Magic of Detachment (do this and they will chase you)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Esu4Dj6uvzc

Attract Money, Love and Success by Letting Go of it (life-changing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GS-Z6VcAr4I

Attract Using PURE Intention with the Law of Attraction (Powerful Way to Do it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNbZPLCqM0k

Attract What You Want by Decreasing its Importance (Powerful Technique)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loPjB4xb0WM

Attract Your Soulmate in these 3 steps with Victor Oddo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0WuIgHP0b88

Attracting Love with the LoA feat. Leeor Alexandra (Law of Attraction Q & A)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVBL6KN0Mwg

Attracting LoveRelationships will FAIL unless you do this one thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CAmOglfaMw

Attracting your Soulmate Meditation Exercise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-Dtlyon85Q

Balance, Importance and the Law of Attraction The Secret to CONSISTENT Results
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FLNuSEPJGMQ

Bashar's Insights on The Great Awakening, First Contact and Sedona (my personal session)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TaSqnPG5qs8

BE AS IF My Secret Manifestation Weapon More Powerful than Acting As If
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NIhWQTZMnI

Be As If.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0exceY3fWOg

Be it. Do it. Have it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sytSoOxFRdE

Be. Do. Have.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15OCaMUdT98

Become a Manifestation BEAST by Doing This One Thing with Drew Canole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xg_OFEOLyzA

Become a Vibrational Antenna For Your Dream Reality by doing this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBMXLxZsx_g

Become Your Future Self NOW Activation (never be the same)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUphaLWQPPc

Before the end of 2020... WATCH THIS! (1429970)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYn2nWIrMFM

Before the end of 2020... WATCH THIS!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AypvabpjiZ8

Belief Is The Enemy Do This Instead And Watch Your Life Transform
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DM377ucldq8

Belief SHIFTING The Key to Effortless Manifestation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMcFMTpgTjM

Beliefs Do NOT Create Reality, The TRUTH (it's time you know about)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--dKm3tD4jo

Beliefs of Enlightenment and how to go BEYOND the Avatar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gAHWD5eQSKQ

BEYOND Belief and into Being The Next Level of Manifestation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aa5L0LDzvs8

Beyond Intention The NEXT Level of Manifestation REVEALED
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BS9QgIgjYUA

Beyond the Law of Attraction, Free will, Ghosts and More Q and A with Aaron Doughty (100K Special)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hOXAhSSdJE

Body Language and the Law of Attraction (How to Apply it to Attract what you want)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BsM5Uj_m8mY

Brainstorming Abundance Exercise to Attract More Money and Abundance (How to Do It)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLqA077x-xs

Chakras and Ascension The KEY to Activating the Lightbody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6jGxnsJYCE

Change Your Self Image With These 3 Techniques (The Secret to Maintain it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmUb6HCPNjQ

Changing These 3 Beliefs Changes EVERYTHING (How to Do it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7ZaVk38l_A

Changing Your Default Frequency and MAINTAINING it (How To Do It)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeXrHCtcl60

Changing Your Default Frequency to Attract What You Want (How to Do it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2l-Aj0KPxU

Changing Your Past to Create Your Future (Powerful Technique)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCKl6W4CI8o

Competition and the Law of Attraction The Vibration of a WINNER (a totally new paradigm)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ESOp1R_7IQ

Complete Guide to Feeling 100`% Whole and Complete NOW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOxuabO7A4M

Conspiracy Theories, Aliens and what may be REALLY happening right now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLIZAeh1i5k

Create INEVITABLE Success Using this Technique
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwJcyFfTOhQ

Creating a Future Memory Technique to Attract What You Want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AxBSB2Voxpk

Creating an Audio Recording To Reprogram your Subconscious Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJeuFqd0_wE

Creating the Timeline To Your Manifestation (How To Do It)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gDN_ot7Ei2g

Crossing the 5D Bridge in 2021 (what we must do)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ZvSkk2xzA4

Daily Habits that Raised My Vibration and Changed my Life from the inside OUT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Km8p0_NlKEU

December 21st, 2020 (what I think will happen)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQqQcCmtv7U

Decrease Desire and Importance to Attract What You Want EFFORTLESSLY (Reality Shifting)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sgqesOV5GY

Deja Vu and Parallel Incarnations (what it really is)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1BZBAWEqXBc

Desire and the Law of Attraction THE TRUTH NO ONE TELLS YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyFPIAKKUEI

Destiny, Free Will and Life Themes Do we have Freewill or are things Destined
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hIBmPAYBsXs

Divine Manifestation  The Secret to the Law of Attraction NO ONE TALKS ABOUT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZhdapeAMY4

Divine Will Power VS Personal Will Power The Secret Weapon to Manifestation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfHX3p9Gwjw

DNA Activation for Starseeds It's TIME to ACTIVATE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yqc1R2Hq1jI

Do the Backdrop People Have Souls  (The TRUTH about Reality)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9cP8a7yGSk

Do This One Thing and Visualization will work 90`% of the time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ciZSSVe9XN0

Do Thoughts Really Create Reality I'm sorry...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwVoHUsVwlQ

Does Karma Exist How to Transcend Unconscious Patterns
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjX-7ud9MGk

Don't Ignore Your Current Reality with Manifestation and instead do this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIcwa9kmLEM

don't say I didn't warn you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkHWWKHLfss

Earth is a spiritual School and here is how to PASS so you don't have to come back again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1wLAbBOZQU

Easiest Way to Change Beliefs to Attract What You Want FAST (Beliefs Create Reality)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rA-IKYUbEes

Energy Field Manifestation 101 Most Powerful Way to Raise Your Vibration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0ryjIsyeWQ

Everyone is YOU Pushed out (the TRUTH NO ONE TELLS YOU)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8Nag8_Pbas

everything is a self full-filling prophesy ...everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oL-N4tFpn1Y

Exercise to INCREASE Belief to Attract What You Want Using the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CukmYQN9DXo

Exercise to INSTANTLY Let go Of Negative Beliefs to Attract What You Want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VotSqbgRt80

Exercise to QUICKLY Change Self-Image to Attract What You Want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbzy8Sy4O6M

Fastest Way to Turn Dreams into Reality (Just Do This)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7Gueepqcng

Feel it into existence by doing this one thing... (life-changing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jOvu6iC8mc

Find Out your Vibration and Evolve It By Watching This Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9aWmqpC4E4

Find Your Purpose by doing these 3 things and WATCH what happens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnDi6081j5Y

First Contact The 3 Phases REVEALED (and what you need to know NOW)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-WFjWZ3cCY

Frequency SHIFTING How to SHIFT Your Vibration and change your life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yypN44jk50E

Full Moon Ceremony for Integrating Your Shadow with Leeor Alexandra (Life-Changing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sV-bD5242k

Full Moon Guided Meditation for Increased Emotion with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fAEE19IOdjo

Go From Hope to Expectation By Using this Technique (Try This)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uR7SMYLm6zw

Go From Wanting to Allowing By Doing This (Missing Key)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7aeQQSQPl3s

Guided Meditation for Changing Money Beliefs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqEEE9bbRdo

Guided Meditation for Choosing the Parallel Reality You Want (life-changing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXzosNeejfM

Guided Meditation for Letting Go with the Law of Attraction by Aaron Doughty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4oDQIKvHP1Y

Guided Meditation for Overcoming Negative Thinking and Becoming A Positive Person
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cq7ZD-idfos

Guided Meditation for Sending Love to Las Vegas and the Families Effected (Las Vegas Shooting)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dLgLdscqF8w

Guided Meditation to become your best self NOW (connecting to future self)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83tNJGTcGXA

Have Magnetic Energy and Attract Love without feeling Needy with Leeor Alexandra and Rebecca Boatman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6LJ2ulsRFc

Hidden Levels of Manifestation it's time you know about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HSFuZ7g4kQ

Hidden Secrets All Empaths need to know (or else)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0cCvSQk3po

High Frequency Manifestation SECRETS of Vibration NO ONE TELLS YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gC_JqNPASOs

High Vibe VS Low Vibe Manifestation (game changer)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdAsoeFNL2o

High Vibration Intention Setting Process with Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xskMlEecZno

Higher Dimensional Manifestation  BEYOND the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-I4WoaUCR3w

Higher Vibrational Manifestation Process for FAST Results (Beyond Law of Attraction)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpU-iIXtRUI

Higher Vibrational Manifestation Process that will TRANSFORM Your Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oT7gHdItf8A

Higher-Self Transformation Meditation that will change your life forever...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMp9Naf0iuk

Ho'oponopono Meditation The Most Powerful Healing Meditation EVER
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXKGOagdn6E

Hook People Into Your Magnetic Energy By Doing THIS!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jw-olUaV3EU

How a Spiritual Awakening UPGRADES Your Law of Attraction Results
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pri_9QvkxmE

How Beliefs Create Our Reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3dTqsSXJYI

How Enlightened People REALLY Manifest (The SECRETS of The Autobiography of a Yogi)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_VgeLDX9z-Q

How I Awakened to My Passion and True Self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lCneajaByCA

How I Feel High (almost) All the Time (Being Sober)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOgoW1-ty3s

How I had a Shift in Consciousness (and how you can too)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50LuAgmYTfE

How I Harnessed My Sexual Energy to Attract Money, Love and Success (life-changing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7Ov9uZST7Q

How I Let go of my Painful Past, Raised My Vibrational Set-Point and Became Emotionally FREE (1266867)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbXlFd6t4bI

How I Let go of my Painful Past, Raised My Vibrational Set-Point and Became Emotionally FREE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Be7mJ-3qQKE

How I Personally Manifest NOW (the stages I went through)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CmrIJUp65JU

How I Went From Low Vibration Energy into High Vibration Energy (my story)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWZzBZMvRBk

How I Went Full Time with My Passion Using the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U1px8Ypj-4c

How Meditation Changed My Life Benefits of Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vl159wbKuuk

How Meditation Cured My ADHD and Changed My Life (ADD ADHD Cure)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E9oHLvp1fdM

How Self-Awareness Can Change Your Life Tools to Finding Your Purpose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28BKq5oh-D8

How to 10X Your Results With the Law of Attraction (This ACTUALLY Works)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taKDTGdOnyg

How to ACT AS IF to Attract What you Want (This Will Change Your Life)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhcmdnSwlbM

How to ACT AS IF Without Feeling Fake (Powerful Technique)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yT6R2rCT78

How to Align Beliefs to Desire with the Law of Attraction (The Missing Key)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMP-a8FNf3A

How to Attract Love using Parallel Realities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SCU1R_4yQ2w

How to Attract Your Twin Flame, Soulmate and High Vibe Tribe (3 Steps)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=51I4eITBEno

How to be Abundant 3 Realizations to Having More Abundance in Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cKJcKQ32KvQ

How to Be Grounded and Have Balanced Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ek1fmSm81EI

How to Be More Motivated in Life Tools to Grow and Take More Action
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZGXfQ9Pw9w0

How to be Positive in any Situation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZ3sYMGmVxc

How to be Present in the Moment A Quick Meditation to be More Present
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxLJnNH8e90

How to be Yourself 100`% (and stop caring what people think of you)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTtd-JwU2OA

How to Become Lucky (The Secret to Luck)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lUQTWrPdzXQ

How to Believe in Yourself 100`%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Yq0vaf8c9k

How to Believe it BEFORE you See it (The Secret)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NRPUI7875k

How to BELIEVE Manifestation is EASY (Meditation Included)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ac9s04T5jlU

How to Believe Something You Don't Currently Believe (The Secret)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYqTSGIjCFI

How to Break OUT of the Matrix and Go INTO the Rabbit Hole with Leeor Alexandra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kqIeMP5E20

How to Break OUT of the Prison of Your Mind Once and for All
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AEVz3y4zOKo

How to Break the Addiction to Negative Thinking (This Changed My Life)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pc0Hn5LMdy8

How to Change DEEP Rooted Subconscious Beliefs (this changed my life)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LPsYgQl6yo

How to Change Negative Beliefs holding you back (changing your self-image)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hg7LOjbZs4E

How to Change what People think of you (How your Self-Image is Projected and how to change it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLPPdw9Af0I

How to change your Appearance by changing your self-image (part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOm5cfIlSx0

How to Change Your Definitions to Change Your Life (Powerful)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UeGRcE__xtk

How to Change Your Habits and Change Your Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RCL_SINaPlA

How to Change Your Self-Image and Not Care What People Think About You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_TaP9gT_tw

How to Change your Self-Image using Parallel Realities (life changing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_lHbBSCk3Oo

How to Change Your Story and Change Your Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RhJYsC8e7VQ

How to Change Your Subconscious Story About Love (STOP feeling lonely and single)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3VLlu8bEi-w

How to CHOOSE instead of Create with the Law of Attraction (Guided Meditation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kj1TAUgLdAQ

How to Connect to the Vibration of Your Higher-Self (The TRUTH on Your Higher-Self)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kEBgA3vXgZ8

How to Connect With Anyone This Realization Changed My Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5pBHKMcqYi4

How to Create a Trigger to Attract What You Want (Powerful Law of Attraction Technique)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUW0dDmQzkY

How to Create a Wave of Success using Reality Transurfing®
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6ZKd5-Ih6Q

How to Create an Empowering Lifestyle Tools to Making Successful Changes in Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_t73RwREWU4

How to Create from your Heart using the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwM9pc3w8Mo

How to Create Luck using Reality Transurfing® (Law of Attraction Alternative)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=feGSLYWHZEU

How to Deal with Awakening and Relationships
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7aDSgmKZsFY

How to deal with people who don't get you during a Spiritual Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWso0chtc10

How To Deal with the 5D Energies Coming in NOW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unU2Z13mZQQ

How to Develop More Talent to Attract What You Want (The Secret)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbK3BPld-xI

How to Develop Your Intuition A Simple Step by Step Process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1LlDcWDXsw

How to Do LESS and Get MORE With the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jMX6MD15gg

How to ESCAPE a Negative Parallel Reality Timeline INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_yuePERMARE

How to Feel 100`% Whole and Complete If You're Single (or in a relationship)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GrIGfV3cvR8

How to Feel 100`% Worthy of Money, Love and Success (life-changing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9-11KHvTaY

How to Feel ANY Emotion you Want INSTANTLY to Manifest What you Want (Emotional Mastery)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ppwWKBWsDc

How to Feel More Motivated My Sedona Trip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-sZ5is9dYA

How to Feel More Unconditional Love 3 Realizations to Feel More Connection and Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QvW5SV9AmV8

How to Feel Worthy, Deserve More in Life and Focus in the Direction You Want (Heart to Heart Talk)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdILa3Fjp38

How to find Subconscious Beliefs (and how to change them)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHuMdDW3Dro

How to Find Your Life Purpose in Under 10 Minutes (Just Do This!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERgdbyeWufo

How to Follow Your Excitement and Find Your Purpose in Life (Live Examples)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htHKLO9zFh8

How to Forgive A Quick Meditation for Forgiveness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQ1jaCSXGMw

How to Gain Momentum in Life Interactive Examples
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppKv65oJhgQ

How to Get into the LOVE Frequency INSTANTLY (easier than you think)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D60CvG8D_44

How to go BEYOND belief and into knowing with the Law of attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5CaYC55q1Ps

How to Go BEYOND Techniques and Tools with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4Vx2KnuOCk

How to Go BEYOND the Law of Attraction (DEEPER PROCESS)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZM_yGAU99s

How to Harness Your Energy to Create a Quantum SHIFT in Reality (NO GOING BACK)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FReUQNWCNSA

How to have a Spiritual Awakening 3 Hacks to Induce a Spiritual Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQEBGcvPOrE

How to Have A Supernatural Ability to Attract What You Want with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9n8rqUMgdk

How to Have Amazing Charisma and PassionTools for having more Enthusiasm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GXW80FwIL2c

How to Have Great Energy Tools to Connect with People and Have Contagious Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkLKomM5hFo

How to Have More Energy and Passion in Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FPIOiwdPrZw

How to Have More Synchronicity in Life Aligning with Your Higher Purpose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5bhdZsOiJ0

How to Have Unconditional Self-Esteem Tools to Feeling Worthy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SEWnXpSRBtg

How to Have UNSTOPPABLE Self Confidence (5 Techniques)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oten7fusSh4

How to Heal A Past Timeline using the Quantum Healing Technique
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZPIAOFGwbo

How to Heal yourself (most powerful way and how to REALLY be healthy)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYtg2Yh3vXw

How to Increase Belief and Faith with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W0E-b5qTMps

How to Increase Intention with the Solar Plexus using the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIZE-tAtzMc

How to Increase the Probability of Manifestation (Guided Meditation Included)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GuDVCEMQE1o

How to Increase Your Belief and Do Your Passion For a Living (My Story)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0OxHOoffmgs

How to Increase Your State and Raise Your Vibration Instantly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsfX_KZSLE0

How to Increase Your Vibration and Raise to a Higher Consciousness (this changed my life)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0m7nTdAdDUk

How to Intend and Let go at the same time (Manifestation secret)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecW8hTQoAvc

How to Let Go of the PastTools to Be Positive in any Situation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVTjN3w3pqY

How to Let Go of What People Think and How to be More Spontaneous
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QlVubiHjq-c

How to Let the Universe Manifest for You (Use Intention Like This)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TwGjf3qzp-I

How to Live from the Heart (and Transcend the EgoMind)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XUIGhhmE940

How to lose weight by changing your self-image
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uo9xlP6tC3U

How to MAINTAIN motivation with the Law of Attraction (or in general)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-zPW39sw6s

How to make Affirmations Actually Work The Truth on Affirmations and Visualization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbNbz9BqdKo

How to make Visualization ACTUALLY work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3YEeUvApXg

How to Manifest a Quantum Leap in Your Manifestation Ability
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V9PsKIk_bbo

How to Manifest As Your Higher-Self with Guided Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UH4Bq9EWVbE

How to Manifest From the Heart Using the Law of Attraction (More Powerful Than Brain)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kSsupIa2ek0

How to Manifest in a Simulated Reality (BEYOND the Law of Attraction)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5cX86hYmno

How to Manifest More Money Using Parallel Realities (Beyond the Law of Attraction)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAM4F1cgNgQ

How to Manifest Social Media Followers using the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8SsLcnMyQg

How to Manifest using Intention The Amazing Power of Intention
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fua8bfXqd5M

How to Manifest using Parallel Realities (this changed my life)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9zC9XDqUQc

How to Manifest Using Universal Energy (Next Level Law of Attraction)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8miMSL5jSSA

How to Manifest Using Your Core Frequency with the Law of Attraction (Find Yours Like This)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNcjAxh5Pvg

How to Manifest While Sleeping (And Reprogram Your Subconscious Mind)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QLavqXHEfS0

How to Match the Frequency of the Reality you Desire (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYx4AxAFXSc

How to match the Frequency of the reality you desire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iw5miGdOmU8

How to Meditate If You Don't Have Time (Interactive Examples)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9yQjrUVdMeo

How to Meditate The Exact Meditation That Cured My ADHD and Changed My Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J6k8PGpOaHQ

How to not Feel Inferior to People (and how to validate yourself 100`%)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGpBszvVdRQ

How to not Feel Lonely during the Spiritual Awakening Process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMy27DdoIb8

How to Not Feel Stuck When Using the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hV-0OOaAAA0

How to NOT Let Friends and Family Influence Your Law of Attraction Results
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_glKoorn6SI

How to NOT Let People Effect What You Attract (Manifestation Secrets)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ou9pMjtrTCQ

How to Open your Third Eye and Activate the Pineal Gland (a practical guide)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHIvKUgnDzs

How to Overcome Fear Watch Me Overcome Mine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2IcHTfmgWA4

How to Overcome Limiting Beliefs (and Become Free)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKCfztKGI78

How to Overcome Shyness and Transform your Personality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JeUA9jCku5E

How to Overcome Social Anxiety The Most Powerful Realization for Taking Your Power Back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62f5dnEO8Y0

How to Overcome the Fear of being Yourself (and Limiting Beliefs)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=miOftOM51d0

How to Practice Reality Transurfing® and Easily Apply it (Law of Attraction Alternative)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IMPwFLNOKAA

How to RADIATE the Vibration of the Reality You Want to Experience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9MmvMz1ZhM

How to Raise Your Base Level Vibration for Beginners (life-changing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfZL_S5kIMM

How to Raise Your Consciousness and Increase Your Vibration (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4CCyq7V6VA

How to Raise Your Vibration even with Fear and Chaos in the World (step-by-step)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKJSUYLFhFk

How To Raise Your Vibration PERMANENTLY (no going back)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7OdzQUEwNQ

How to Raise Your Vibration Towards ANY Subject (Higher Vibrational Manifestation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjQfpUYwe7k

How to REALLY Find Your Purpose and Awaken to Your True-Self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMHUhy_XiZs

how to REALLY let go (once and for all) and WIRE in the New
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtRPfx4XA_I

how to REALLY let go of the past and change your life (most powerful technique)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZjlyts_MUs

How to REALLY not care what people think of you (most powerful way)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyGNKccJUno

How to Recalibrate Your Vibration to the Reality You Want to Experience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PboUVOhvyzg

How to Redefine Yourself for Success Freestyle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41EnPgHqI9I

How to Reframe Your Self-Image and Influence the Subconscious Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9poAyRgoCGo

How to Release Attachment, Let Go and (Finally) Move ON!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t33Vi4RUV90

How to Release Negative Emotion Tools to Eliminate Negative Emotions and Feel Positive Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1OeVI8AmvY

How to Release the Patterns from Your Past (Parents, Friends, Enviorment)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zw8AA7VGUs4

How to Relieve Anxiety Instantly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adFt1whSOsw

How to Remove BLOCKS and Limitations with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3SDanwNwGNY

How to Reprogram Your Cells for Abundance (Attract More Money Like This)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TmTXzJDf6s0

How to Reprogram Your Mind for INSTANT Manifestation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gputAwGOlmc

How to Reprogram Your Subconscious Mind to Attract What You Want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CELbpl82CBk

How to Resonate with the Vibrational Frequency of Money EASILY (Manifestation Secrets)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4nCDIWT44w

How to Set Boundaries without feeling guilty (and Why People DRAIN Your Energy)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABEDovZsq94

How to Set Intentions using Source Energy REVEALED the missing key
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zoRxuAK8dr0

How to SHIFT From begging to hoping to Commanding (this changes everything)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfxJNT04rAc

How to SHIFT to the Parallel Reality of Unlimited Abundance, MASSIVE Success and Freedom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rINuTx3xR4

How to SHIFT To Your DREAM Reality within 6 Months
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZHA2qc3s4U

How to SHIFT Your Frequency to your Dream Reality INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otOUQjHX6Bc

How to START Raising Your Vibration even if you've never Meditated Before
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiLZTcm6ISk

How to Step Outside Your Comfort Zone for Success and Growth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7BPrh2Dqebw

How to Stop Absorbing Other Peoples Energy Most powerful realization for taking your power back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_BlB_6QBck

How to STOP attracting bad relationships (and START attracting your ideal relationship)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQvhaAztm1k

How to STOP Attracting Negative Synchronocity with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0KtHGTnamc

How to STOP Being Jealous Letting Go of Jealousy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fwo3XR8dmc

How to STOP Overthinking (EASIEST WAY)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCevlUg7Usg

How to STOP Sabotaging yourself and Remove Blocks with the Law of Attraction (or in general)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L6ipByaG9uQ

How to STOP Seeking External Validation and Start Feeling Seen, Heard and Validated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocnl1EPUnq8

How to Strengthen Your Visualizations &  ACCELERATE the Law of Attraction Process ft Your Youniverse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Owujbq0j0Sg

How to Surrender without Losing Control with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ukSV3NtkTM

How To Tap into Higher States of Consciousness and Raise Your Vibration INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KuoEsuXw5wo

How to Tap into Your CORE Vibration and Manifest Easier Than Ever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B7gUoLhWVec

How to TRANSCEND the bottom 3 Chakras and Raise Your Vibration INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfTpTDnaYZQ

How to TRANSCEND the Law of Attraction Delay (Law of Attraction Secrets)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LKTT-un5sQ

How to TRANSCEND Your 3D Avatar Body into your 5D Higher Self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bt_tMHEKW60

How to TRANSFORM Your Personality to Change Your Reality (Complete Guide)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OyB4ayLAfLM

How to turn ANY Negative into a Positive (this changed my life)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2MX0IipT0Vo

How to UNLOCK your Personality (to change your reality)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Lz_EHbqvaE

How to Unlock your Personality and be yourself 100`%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=88HWpe1BniI

How to Upgrade Your DNA to Increase Your Manifestation Ability
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4Qgc4sQ--A

How to Upgrade Your Vibration and Attract from a Higher Paradigm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJUGySUfA50

How to Use Acting AS IF to Attract What You Want with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4H3QTXkYHE

How to Use Affirmations with Reality Transurfing® (New Law of Attraction Process)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PczfE_E5kr8

How To Use Chi Energy to Manifest What You Want... (the missing key...)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GlBmL7O4XvY

How to use Expectancy to Increase Momentum with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2G354LZlYmw

How to use Parallel Realities to UNLEASH your potential (this changed my life)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RD5o54FdQK8

How to Use Sound to Attract What You Want With the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWoxZiWPWrc

How to Use the Law of Attraction and Be Present to the Moment at the Same Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_8GOSszzyY

How to Use the Law of Attraction to Find Your Purpose (DO THIS)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lU6GRgeMQjM

How to Use the Power of Belief to SHIFT to a Parallel Reality INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaB8dxc2KUg

How to Visualize From the End (The Secret to Quantum Manifestation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksdrbjWQMUQ

How to Win the Lottery using Parallel Realities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_N57kmid_Z0

How to Wire in the Vibration of the NEW YOU for 2019 with Leeor Alexandra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EVjS32iYdDc

How to Wire in the Vibration of Your NEW Identity for 2020 (WATCH THIS)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9b0k3I8tUWY

How to Wire Your Brain for Success 3 Tools to Program Your Mind for Abundance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_uFDt3oBBmg

How you REALLY Create your own Reality (and how to do it powerfully)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PyKVCtbKguo

How you REALLY Create your own Reality (this changed my life) Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQ7Yk6uQhcA

How your Self-Image is created and how to change it (powerful way)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kl-9bdoPkZw

How Your Words LITERALLY Create Your Reality (how to do it powerfully)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d___pUNbDBg

I lost 20lbs of Fat by Doing Shadow work (how I did it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFJEAlQi98k

I'm not worthy This Belief will keep you Poor and Single (here's how to break free)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EwvEj_EXCw

If Letting Go of Attachment Is Hard For You, WATCH THIS!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gHicn6Pj9s

If the Law of Attraction isn't working... DO THESE 3 THINGS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YCegsa3iJb4

If things are Falling Apart, Here's Great News (How to TRUST 100`%)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Drz2dMa3-2A

If you are Chasing Your Twin Flame WATCH THIS NOW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4KGG17FAmM

If You Aren't Attracting What You Want With the Law of Attraction, Do This!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ld6KvJuKJMw

If you aren't Manifesting What You want STOP trying and instead do this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JoHvU9Nw2wM

if you chase love and relationships it will run away (instead do this)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVgJRnTUTZM

If you CRAVE a Relationship or Love WATCH THIS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGCe3O2lxxc

If you feel Alone During Your Spiritual Awakening WATCH THIS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8IcMmxWGvS8

If you feel STUCK in Low Vibration... WATCH THIS!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlGSwEoY1NU

If you Feel Stuck or Powerless WATCH THIS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkxT-QAzrmc

If you have Abandonment Issues, this is THE CURE (WATCH THIS)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xHEFn87oOA

If you keep falling back into your old vibration WATCH THIS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVWHV1z8FBU

If You Seek Attention (Or Deflect It!) WATCH THIS (The Shadow)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-OpSR0VE9o

If you try to Control or Force things to happen WATCH THIS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Fww_G1L8aw

If you try to control your manifestations WATCH THIS NOW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wYIur7ZuUE4

if you want it you lack it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfmcP2tcUdc

If you want to attract a Specific Person (or Ex) into your life WATCH THIS NOW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVGIGF6HlSo

If You Want To Attract Love And Money Take OFF The Shock Collar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTqzVzmuLUE

If You're a Nice Guy, WATCH THIS!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86zrElu8F5E

if you're an Empath who absorbs negative energy WATCH THIS!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Je5R2Rfia4c

If Youre a Millennial... WATCH THIS in 2020 (not what you think)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_aQM0tZt38A

Importance AND Desire Are KILLING your Manifestations Instead, DO THIS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UE5OfmMTZSk

Increase Your Life Force Energy to Attract What You Want with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CC5_OgX8wfE

Indigo Souls 3 Signs YOU are ONE (and how to know) with Victor Oddo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JeVb9k0Bz1Y

Instant Manifestation and Higher Level Consciousness (How to Do it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gwrc0L7_d0

Instantly Open Your Third Eye and Activate Your Pineal Gland (Technique and Meditation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80moEOrjLTA

Is there Life After Death
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LyX9xwscWe8

Is Time Speeding Up A Simple Understanding to the Perception of Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrfyvUoIe4Y

Is Your Personality BLOCKING the Law of Attraction from Working (How to Fix it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9K_GsKvxiN4

it took me 8 years to learn these life changing lessons on manifestation, awakening and LIFE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8aUzHXc-d6g

it took me 8 years to learn this (the most powerful spiritual lesson so far)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4Dz4XyOwmE

it's a trap.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kSf4yzIrs3M

It's SUPER Important You Decrease Importance with Your Manifestations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xlmw9Kmqu4

It's Time to BREAK Out of the MATRIX (Here's How to Do it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrns6qAVc5w

Jesus, Christianity and the Law of Attraction (The Truth)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ugv4Ul8EYP4

Judging Yourself is Blocking the Law of Attraction (How to Fix it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4beDY9Mm8A

Just BE IT and watch how your life transforms (here's how to do it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-Cqgr5Rkx8

Karma and Ascension ACCELERATE Karma Release in 2019 (and how to do it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOCKoZgPMFE

Karma and the Law of Attraction (THE TRUTH)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXGcGBuNNB4

Language Patterns and the Law of Attraction The TRUTH on Affirmations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uv7UFVSDW40

Law of Attraction and FOCUS the Secret to MASSIVE Success (Meditation for Focus inside)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8sePHO4L4Y

Law of Attraction and Free Will vs Destiny (The Truth and How to Align it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=050qJj0x9nM

Law of Attraction and Memory - The TRUTH about Manifestation and Your Past
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBKcXf5BoQM

Law of Attraction and TIME The TRUTH on How long it takes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKqav26Hrho

Law of Attraction Exercise for Priming Your Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1mFwD_mns5A

Law of Attraction for Students, Focus and Being Intelligent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SoaS8yTpG8o

Law of Attraction Goal Setting Process that GUARANTEES Results
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9o1_bY-jblk

Law of Attraction in 2018 How the Game Has Changed and How to Use it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bopSPlu6PKU

Law of Attraction Journaling How to Finally Achieve Whatever You Want (feat. Clark Kegley)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WjeyMHPTzgs

Law of Attraction Let Go and Receive it ALL (Watch What Happens)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3vq21mUghQ

Law of Attraction Manifestation Process More Powerful Than the Secret
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PXIcSimQNZY

Law of Attraction Meditation for Accelerating Attracting a Relationship
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx_iVhNBdcc

Law of Attraction Meditation for Manifesting Your Day (Works Like Magic)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prHGIOUulVQ

Law of Attraction Morning Meditation that Works Like MAGIC (LISTEN TO EVERY MORNING)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-pTkDt5YcU

Law of Attraction Q & A with Aaron Doughty (My First One EVER)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgPOxZn0Vsk

Law of Attraction Q and A (Costa Rica, Spirituality, Energy Healers, and More)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YUfag0RJpH8

Law of Attraction Secret Technique For ACCELERATING the Law of Attraction Process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Wk9WbhKISw

Law of Attraction Secret Word for Attracting What You Want (Use this Word)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AbfxcPeowG0

Law of Attraction Sleep Technique For Attracting What You Want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3Zv_vYEQd0

Law of Attraction Step by Step Process for Becoming Your Best Self NOW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ThYec4hGy7U

Law of Attraction Technique for Repatterning Your Vibration (DO THIS MEDITATION DAILY)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rlAVU37EOS8

Law of Attraction VS Belief Systems Who wins the BEST way to manifest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YDnmt9Fb05E

Law of Attraction VS Parallel Realities (How to Apply Both)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HR-tQoNeduU

Law of Attraction VS Reality Transurfing® (New Manifestation Process)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzEnK70NJCE

Law of Attraction, Pain and Pleasure The Secret to RESONANCE (Meditation Included)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E9lcsXlNkXQ

LET GO (and it will come)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEHXCGzy6bk

Let Go (The FASTEST Way to Manifest Your Dream Life)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bjp_UAWmmaA

let go by watching this video (life-changing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dKDdt_b-9N8

Let go of control by watching this video (Life Changing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=00rB6gH0Mrs

Let GO of the Old Identity and Wire in the New By Doing This
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HduVt_1acc

LET GO to LIVE in Your Dream Reality by doing this one thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hX5GVcQnFQY

LET IN Love INSTANTLY by LETTING GO of these 5 things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5qDgXjZiKo

Letting go and Detaching is Easy AF (when you do this)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qh8go4mKudM

Letting go is EASY when you do this (Make detaching EASY)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CqMA4NxXuCU

Letting go of Love Blocking Beliefs to Attract your Dream Partner with Mat Shaffer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3aNEJgkAMM

Letting Go Sleep Technique using Reality Transurfing® (Law of Attraction Alternative)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MjuU3n04A7I

Life After Death According to Autobiography of a Yogi (NOT WHAT YOU THINK)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbx6RcoaC4s

Listen to this Law of Attraction Meditation for 7 Days and WATCH What Happens...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tqu_pMYUCE

Living in the End The Most Powerful Manifestation Process Ever (life-changing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-14K_-VjPuw

Love Attraction is Vibration Based (NOT looks) BE Magnetic AF by doing THIS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ZpHgXAqCHE

Love will Chase You when you STOP giving a sht (Importance = resistance)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UO1sE2vW2hg

Lucid Dreaming The most Powerful Technique to Lucid Dream TONIGHT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBtfUbwRQR4

Magnetic Love Attraction Formula (That Actually Works)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2S0sZgKRv-A

Magnetic Love Attraction Make Them Chase YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dBfPlbb0j4

Make Reality MAGICAL by doing this one thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=an1_z41VEZg

Making Affirmations ACTUALLY Work Powerful Process for Influencing Subconscious Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g07Pj3Yrrtg

Manifest Everything you Want with literally 0 Action (works 100`% Guaranteed)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VMWVbdwgcvI

Manifest Like Buddha by Letting Go of Desire and Attachment (Let it Come to You)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmunChnUAyc

Manifest Love FAST by doing this one thing differently
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LUEflFGCS1Q

Manifest While You Sleep by thinking of this before bed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sim8a2tNuT4

Manifest While You Sleep Technique That No One Tells You About
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbrI97zbEvU

Manifestation Patterns and the Law of Attraction How to TRANSCEND Them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcC2NEo-XZ4

Manifestation Secrets CREATING VS CHOOSING NO ONE TELLS YOU THIS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zICAchvwoE8

Manifestation Secrets of Your Higher-Self it's Time You Know about...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28HAhxWscJs

Manifestation Visualization Technique You Have NEVER Heard of before
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QIiVoLVGPWw

Manifesting Money in 2020 Why the old paradigm DOESN'T Work (and exactly what to do)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7bfHGttHlw

Mass Meditation for Ascension and Shifting to the most Optimal Timeline (plus Q and A)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLHOGh3VxPk

Master Your Emotions to Attract What You Want (how to do it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwB3cq0nR70

Materialize Your Dreams into Reality by doing this one thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXsrr3xgAZs

message from the Mayans on 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ii9BJ5GcgwQ

Millionaires use this Manifestation Technique and don't even know it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJS5inVlD_c

Minimalism Manifestation The Power of Simple and Non-Attachment manifestation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=novnFqIUIv4

Moon Manifestation Ritual How to Harness the Energy of the Moon (Full Moon Manifestation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OnGrcPKm920

Morning Routine Affirmation Exercise to Raise Your Vibration INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RyT1mpQ1paU

Most Powerful INSTANT Manifestation Technique
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=voB8CIFCySs

Most Powerful Meditation for Attracting a Relationship (Attract Love Meditation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urLm5MfM1Tw

Most Powerful Meditation for Raising Your Vibration INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8g5KI2IURpQ

Most Powerful Meditation to Change Your Self-Image (TRY THIS)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iKX1zM7Vsq0

Most Powerful Technique to Change Beliefs (Use This)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjQ5OGYTv8I

Most Powerful Visualization Technique to ACCELERATE the Law of Attraction Process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLqUWq-AAS0

Most Powerful Way to Remove Limitations and be UNSTOPPABLE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tSCS0fLG80

Motivation for Achieving Goals, Lifestyle and Changing Habits (Most Powerful Realization)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wYHjwypS02w

Multidimensional Manifestation BEYOND the Law of Attraction (with Meditation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-oNrohbzb_8

Muscle Testing and the Law of Attraction LIVE Demonstration feat Gavin Stephenson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khChmKccvV8

My 2019 Manifestation Routine that works like MAGIC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAX0Mr_6Ltg

My 3 TOP High Vibrational Secrets that I finally reveal (only use these for good)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkWx_3cJBm4

My Astral Projection Experience (Most Effective Technique)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSC8nWK9buQ

My High Vibe Morning Routine for Manifestation (what I actually do step by step)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORK59VraDdA

My Journey of Raising My Vibration... Step-by-step (Spiral Dynamics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Na3Ml-oQB9Q

My Lucid Dreaming Experience (Most Effective Technique to Lucid Dream)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1Nywv8A_jU

My Morning Routine  5 Steps to Having a Happy and Successful Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89iHKN5Y6uY

My Morning Routine for Raising my Vibration INSTANTLY (Step-by-Step)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wPqIu6Xb2QE

My Morning Routine for the Law of Attraction (MOST POWERFUL MORNING ROUTINE)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opqU6ZivQ4Q

My Night Routine for the Law of Attraction (MOST POWERFUL NIGHT ROUTINE)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3gJupeRGqc

My Spiritual Awakening Story
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKP_LJwfsMU

My Starseed Awakening Revealed (and how to have your own)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9h_vLCH_MI

My Top 3 Law of Attraction Success Stories (This Changed My Life)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJYGaoeopgM

My Top 3 Life Changing Spiritual Epiphanies from 2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ed9dbgXPEhg

My Top 3 Techniques for Overcoming Negative Thinking and to STOP Overthinking That Changed My Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUUvr7DXT-o

My Top 5 Favorite Channelers and a Summary of Their Teachings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wq92L8dWYvg

My Top Ayahuasca Insights after 14 ceremonies in 4 years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKsiDhOShH8

My Top Lessons of 2020 on my own Shadow (opening up)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2JVvHqLun0M

Neediness The Ultimate COCK-BLOCK to Attracting Love (and the CURE)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kNOH-pCkW5A

Never Be Needy Again By Doing This One Thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fA_b6Tf0MM0

Never Be NEEDY Again by Watching This Video (The Cure)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dKRJcwc1KCM

Never Go to Sleep without doing this ONE thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l2H1gD23u2E

Neville Goddard's Most Life Changing Teachings Simplified
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAkyzOLmans

NEW Law of Attraction Process More Powerful Than the Secret
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgxNIoYRwAs

No B.S Advice to Raising Your Vibration (Honest advice)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VM_w7Rw0UAA

Non-attachment and decreased importance (the biggest secret)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3VMxf_i16s

Non-Neediness The Secret to Having Love Chase YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weoATTY-bm8

Numerology 3 Ways I Use Numerology to Raise My Vibration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25kkABrTD2g

One Word that STOPS the Law of Attraction in its Tracks (Never Say This)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FVLkOjLkdSw

Overcome Social Anxiety Using These 3 Techniques  (Try This)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnbBMkJEQkI

Overcoming the Fear of Success and Removing Blocks With the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TB0a8TUtzA8

Overview of Dimensions - 3D, 4D, 5D Explained (How to Shift)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x24nE27-5XM

Overview of the Higher-self and How to Connect with Yours
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ewT6Mmd_dc

Paradigm Shifting How to Change Your Beliefs to Change Your Reality ft Leeor, Ryan, Victor and Gavin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1W-fUDT_eA

Paradigms of Belief and SHIFTING to Parallel Versions of YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dsy1M09ss6w

Parallel Lives in Mayan Times VLOG feat Leeor Alexandra (our experiences)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nX8KSbumL4Q

Parallel Reality Frequency SHIFTING SHIFT LIKE THIS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXq6_Tiywjo

Parallel Reality Manifestation 101 EVERYTHING you need to know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gCuT27EuVpc

Parallel Reality SHIFTING  the reality you want already exists    CHOOSE IT!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Te0qWscVo5g

Parallel reality shifting (my greatest secret)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vR9NnLiDEcU

Parallel Reality Shifting From Possible to Probable to Inevitable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3TYfK53X3E

Parallel Reality SHIFTING Visualization  The Secret to Manifestation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YXLBMPZs28

Patience and the Law of Attraction (What to do While Waiting)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WamHa-q8cOI

PLEASE LIKE THIS VIDEO... (The Shadow of Validation and being Liked)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5DBCAKR5AM

Polarization and the Law of Attraction - Why You get the Opposite and How to TRANSCEND it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6HnIZDKZPXw

Posting This on Social Media is BLOCKING the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ltVv3i1Dbg

Power of Now and the Law of Attraction 3 Ways to Apply BOTH
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gzM0tC_6OA

Power of Paradox The HACK to Reality that will change your life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZkEFkfXbf1s

Powerful Parallel Reality SHIFTING Technique using Mental Pictures
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWUdEPI46zM

Powerful Technique for INSTANT Validation and Worthiness (Feel Validated NOW)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tMcusxEcxTY

Powerful Technique to Increase Energy Instantly (Try This)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRmHOJIiRkM

Powerful Technique to Prime Your Brain for Success and Reprogram Your Subconscious Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILfm9-hgk8Q

Powerful Visualization Manifestation Technique For Attracting What You Want Fast
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=veKst20Kvh8

Practical Guide to the Law of Attraction (EXACTLY What to Do)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rq3tCE35l3U

Procrastination is BLOCKING the Law of Attraction (How to Overcome Procrastination)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNa1hBFKYuk

Protect Your Vibration During the 2021 Great Awakening by doing THIS!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2DTVmvs3a8

Q and A on Enlightenment, Spiritual Awakening, Astrology and More (ft Koi Fresco)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nGWauEv5Its

Quantum Jumping Technique For SHIFTING to a Parallel Reality (NO GOING BACK)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmBnt3cugsk

Quantum Jumping Technique for Shifting to a Parallel Reality WARNING NO GOING BACK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdKaAG43dis

Quantum Leaps and Shifting Paradigms with the Law of Attraction (How to Do it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A1TP9UC4dNA

Quantum Physics Proving the Law of Attraction (How to Apply it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CKCLzjA5RTs

Raise Your Vibration INSTANTLY and go Beyond Belief and into BEING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3AeE0aJq6GU

Raise Your Vibration to the Most Optimal Timeline by watching this video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=guMqXKprXWQ

Reality Alignment 101 3 Ways You Create Your Reality (and Don't Know it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4dMPLgdw40

Reality Shifting and Letting Go The Secret to Attracting EFFORTLESSLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0DfiZiSO7I

Reality Shifting Goal Setting How to do it (Law of Attraction Alternative)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pCxEE580vbo

Reality Shifting How to Transform Desire into Intention (Missing Key)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YqV1xnRMx4

Reality Transurfing® 17 Sec Manifestation Technique (Law of Attraction Manifestation Technique)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hoy5yYc9-Zw

Reality Transurfing® and Creating Your Wave of Success
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2TNlFJJu1NY

Reality Transurfing® and Outer Intention 3 Things You Must Do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1AKCnDFpgos

Reality Transurfing® and Outer Intention The Secret to MASSIVE Results
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWX2X_2MxqQ

Reality Transurfing® and Pendulums The Secret to TRANSCENDING Social Conditioning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFmyIysQC9o

Reality Transurfing® and SIGNS The Secret to Shifting to the Parallel Reality You Want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JohwlM8cXl4

Reality Transurfing® and Tony Robbins The TRUTH and Similarities of ALL Teachings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=af6MsJXQT-A

Reality Transurfing® Bringing Manifestation into the Physical
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=442CIBOVH1Y

Reality Transurfing® Explained By Aaron Doughty (How to Apply it NOW)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxD2124zVPE

Reality Transurfing® Frailing Technique for Attracting What You Want Faster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Er2Asl-350s

Reality Transurfing® Goal Setting (EXACTLY How To Do It)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HakNh9nzImU

Reality Transurfing® Guided Meditation for Decreasing Importance and Attracting What You Want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjjKgrzXeD0

Reality Transurfing® Intention Technique Step by Step (Powerful)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bR29cybqqAI

Reality Transurfing® Manifestation Process (Step by Step Guide)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ofme3re1GZ0

Reality Transurfing® Manifestation Technique that will EXPLODE Results
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OvgQtXxrBdI

Reality Transurfing® Meditation for Decreasing Importance (WORKS LIKE MAGIC)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUB0Z0ms3w8

Reality Transurfing® Meditation for EXTERNAL Intention (BEYOND the Law of Attraction)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xapd6TIDZws

Reality Transurfing® Meditation for PURE Intention (BEYOND the Law of Attraction)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3HqU6sNZ5k

Reality Transurfing® Morning Routine Process (Law of Attraction Alternative)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SD0-K-N-VhY

Reality Transurfing® Secrets 3 Ways to Decrease Importance to Attract What You Want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQehFUAwANQ

Reality Transurfing® Secrets Choosing vs Changing (Do This)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hb0XxZcfcyk

Reality Transurfing® Secrets How to TRANSCEND Pendulums (Beyond the Law of Attraction)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A2229-hXkg0

Reality Transurfing® Sleep Technique More Powerful Than the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MThjkptOLgs

Reality Transurfing® Visualization Process Secrets (Law of Attraction Alternative)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Mj-qrv57hw

Redefining Our Lives and Reclaiming Our Power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdpKJo1vofk

Release Trauma and become FREE by doing this ONE thing (life-changing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MAhTMJdgtu0

Remote Viewing, Telepathy and the Collective Consciousness (How to do it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NtciTYHnj8o

Remove Subconscious Blocks Holding You Back (Use This Process)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYfJ6MMrBio

Remove this Love Block and love will chase YOU! (Guaranteed)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjTMrG8HWJs

Reprogram Money Beliefs in These 3 Steps (Powerful Process)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmPEB-C8mGg

Retrain Your Mind to Attract What You Want (Most Powerful Technique)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atbFPkXM_PU

Rewire Your Brain in 21 Days for Success
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLFb-zcPC7Y

Scarcity into Abundance with the Law of Attraction (How to Make the Shift)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPbTtbm1NYA

Secret to Feeling Gratitude BEFORE Manifestation (Missing Key)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ivrcJ1Ebhx0

Secrets to Letting Go that will Change Your Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Avs6MJM2NQM

Self-Acceptance Exercise to Love Yourself 100`% (Do This Daily)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tM2GN-olmE

Self-Love Exercise to Feel 100`% Whole and Complete NOW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GC1RJbNnOs

Set Boundaries and NEVER feel guilty again (and be in your own frame)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6iVIvPd_vnw

Shadow Work and the Law of Attraction (my experience)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvckSCOxjVs

Shadow work has changed my life (opening up)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBjnu78KqqA

Shift Your Language SHIFT your life (and how to do it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMFW4s3Qk6A

Shifting Parallel Reality Timelines Technique (that will change your life forever)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvDoOokozKQ

SHIFTING the Frequency of Belief  The SECRET to Manifestation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Pejrdp1poE

Simplifying ALL Law of Attraction Teachings into ONE Formula (The TRUTH)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blDkP_e0Jxc

SNOWBALL Your Law of Attraction Results (How to Do It)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wldybBG04W0

So The Corona Virus Sparked Your Spiritual Awakening... Now what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nx_sSke2R6g

Social Conditioning is BLOCKING the Law of Attraction From Working (How to TRANSCEND it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3pqk6RDPYg

Spiral Dynamics 101 A Practical Guide for Evolutionary Psychology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNonCK8Z42A

Spiritual Awakening Am I Crazy The TRUTH It's Time You Know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngRVckBP1AE

Spiritual Awakening The Biggest Shift in Identity You'll Ever Have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIjsqovjAvk

Spiritual Awakening, Soulmates, Top Spiritual Books, Daily Routines and More With Victor Oddo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZxlwKi7Cfo

Spiritual People and money beliefs (stop it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_geBIE1HFo

Spirituality and Money Beliefs The Hidden Trap of  being spiritual
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qf2_4UWV_to

Spirituality, Beta Males, and Masculinity A New Take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sEUch5P2TBU

Spontaneous Healing AND Spontaneous Manifestation 3 things you MUST DO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4jy7BHw5Hw

Starseed Origins How to find YOUR Starseed Origin with Bridget Nielsen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7lyQsFtFk4

Starseed Q and A and Leeor Alexandra's ET  Experience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53eojWqK_bA

Starseeds A Relatable Explanation that Will Change your Life (and not weird you out)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4aq3PVxClwI

Starseeds and ADHDADD  The TRUTH NO ONE TELLS YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-QSQde-8vI

Starseeds vs Lightworker (which one are you and how to know...)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hGvzCR3mKq0

Step by Step Guide to Easily Taking Action with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4VVcgEbn_Ns

Stop Acting As If & Faking It Till You Make It, Instead do this... (Life Changing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lh4WzMyA2ts

Stop Attracting Money, Love, & Success and instead do this...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0C2kRlYkapI

STOP being a people pleaser and FINALLY get what you want like this!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MRX7MtIn2eI

Stop Being Fearful it is Weakening Your Immune System (WATCH THIS)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PX40WxNWjC8

STOP being the Cameo on other people's movie (and instead do this)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOu2R6ICrrI

Stop Believing in Your SELF and start BEING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cQS2vW7QKc

stop believing in yourself and instead do this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MLu8-VPwYz8

STOP Chasing a Specific Person and instead do this (they will chase you)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUfvU8EUG_A

STOP Chasing Love & Relationships and instead do this (they will chase you)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RpGWhwDYntc

STOP Chasing Love and instead See it as Natural for you to be Attractive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lv6EVzujvFc

STOP Chasing Money & Abundance and START Having it by doing this!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vr2PfAURcGQ

Stop Chasing Money & Success and instead do these 3 things (it will chase you)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MG_trIqz_7M

STOP Chasing Money, Relationships and Success and instead do this (they will chase you)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UnpYM0hfCZM

STOP Chasing Your Twin Flame and instead do this (they will chase you)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzL_YbYwNOU

Stop Choosing Love That Doesn't Choose YOU (The Cure)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fuTSwIjASW0

Stop creating your own reality and instead do this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CUisnikco2E

STOP Faking it Till You Make it and instead do this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYlDJt-viNY

STOP giving a Sh#t and be Like a Tree
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpxLRB-uM50

Stop Making Money Love & Success Important and instead do this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBdWETx532g

STOP Needing Money, Love and Success and it will Chase YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGll_kl1C2w

STOP people pleasing forever by doing these 3 things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2fzDZ3NrMog

STOP Reprogramming Your Subconscious Mind and Instead do this (life-changing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFUUWu109b0

Stop Setting Intentions and instead do this (this changes everything)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPgrSnvVHHg

STOP Smoking NOW by Using Quantum Physics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_sWqtd3iZY

Stop Trying Hard to Get Money, Love & Success And Instead Do this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2zMpA_2lu0

Stop trying to Manifest money and instead do this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8zhXCU9lHO4

Stop UNDERvaluing Yourself and OVERvaluing Others by doing this...(the comparison trap)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vvyWlla8Zo

STOP using the law of attraction in 2020 and instead do this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwzFQtso-ag

STOP using these 3 Words and love will Chase YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=giB6CanE4gM

Stop Wanting And Needing and instead do this...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPJ-fKXd_DQ

STOP Wanting and START Having  Law of Attraction Secret
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L6pfCE_NkNM

STOP Wasting Your Sexual Energy and instead do this (NOFAP and Manifestation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dy__wqfB7KM

STUCK in low vibration Just. Do. This.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3foAEsqyflY

Subliminal Guided Meditation for Manifesting What You Want Effortlessly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sf_uGUX-eZI

SUPERCHARGE Affirmation Technique (That Changes Everything)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q6sE-S9qpvA

Surrender, Letting go and the Law of Attraction (EXACTLY How to Do it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L4QXOJ30AHQ

take them off a pedestal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqwzwKiap90

take your 2021 goals OFF a pedestal by doing this one thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=klf4RXbLrHA

Technique for Increasing Intention that will ACCELERATE the Law of Attraction Process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8djE0wUYIaU

Technique to Change Peoples Perception of You (And Have Amazing Confidence)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRUYC4r254o

Technique to EASILY Take More Action to Attract What You Want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVfXmS22VSk

Techniques for Letting Go of Negative Emotions (How To Do It)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUnqLZGGhf4

Telepathy How to Send Telepathic Messages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JA32-n38o5c

That One Video You Watched That You Were Never The Same After And Changed Everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7v81piWnEZY

The #1 Block to Attracting Love (GUARANTEED) And how to HEAL it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UnENBS9xEYo

The #1 Brain Technique to Attract What You Want (This Changed My Life)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HESueyS9EFM

The #1 Cock-Block To Attracting Love That Pushes It Away (You don't even know it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9uwnF5iUvI

The #1 Most Powerful Visualization Process (Try This)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1mUe-TJeZf8

The #1 Most Powerful Visualization Technique (and how to use it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=df27flKxqUE

The #1 Personality Shift that will change your life forever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTHb0XLcZEw

The #1 Secret to Attracting Love and the #1 reason You are BLOCKING it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=do9gWkKtn5s

The #1 Secret to Attracting Love that makes you practically irresistible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aulrLjC4o7w

The #1 Secret to Vibrational Resonance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SoTFixTpS5E

The 2019 Ascension Timeline it's Time You Know About
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jngnjPsbWms

The 2021 Starseed Initiation What you NEED to know...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJklQf_hB0s

The 3 (Hidden) Levels of Self it's Time You Know About...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6l7gTysCyE

The 3 Levels of Manifestation REVEALED Time to Upgrade...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kDkkf8oF_6w

The 3 Manifestation Archetypes How to TRANSCEND Them and EASILY Manifest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mK_3WovJYKc

The 3 Most Powerful Realizations that Changed my Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9aZxQP6bAU

The 3 Most Powerful Ways to Tap into Source Energy (Raise Your Vibration Like This)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzHal45QOdM

The 3 Steps to SHIFTING to a Parallel Reality INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NsfuW4yyhyQ

The 3 Vibrational Levels of Attracting Love EXPLAINED
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHeLeozMo9s

The 3D to 5D Ascension Earth SPLIT that is happening NOW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hh26JFQw118

The 4 Faces of Intention How to Vibrationally Set Intentions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g20HUCsKp50

The 4 Step Letting Go of a Relationship, Attachment, or Outcome Process (life changing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brwdPPuR2YI

The 4th Density Harvest is happening and here is what to do... (The Law of One)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0w3HA7dxmc

The 4th Density Shift (related to The Great Awakening)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjM89CrnyUs

The 4th Density SHIFT and How to ACCELERATE it (It's Time We Talk...)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WZmjqqozdo

The 4th Dimensional SHIFT It's Time You Know About (What to Expect)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eC-cReLfifg

The 5 Laws of Creation and my San Pedro Insights (life changing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Zitf9MTGB4

The 5 Minute Guide to the Law of Attraction (EASY QUICK MANIFESTATION GUIDE)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CDlFKHQx_HQ

The 5D Earth Timeline SPLIT That is Happening Now (2019-2022)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BT0ZQGV0jeg

The 5D Shift has Begun... (what you need to know)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56VyrcFe43s

The 5D Timeline Split Happening Now & What to Do About it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtjsrdbGiZM

The A, B, C's of Raising Your Vibration INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ja8sMmay0JU

The A,B,C's of Parallel Reality SHIFTING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpCegdE7jKw

The Akashic Records The TRUTH it's time you know about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lS6eAQPZq8w

The Alignment of Your Energy Systems with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uj3i4-7vecU

The Amazing Healing Power of Ho'oponopono (with meditation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mn7QhRglzXk

The Ascension Timeline SHIFT How to NOT get left behind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VI3nYXhkEz8

The Ascension Timeline What to expect in the next 10 to 15 years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_uKd8sh02-I

The Backdrop People (and how to know if you are one) The TRUTH about Reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAZQ7P3Fdbk

The Backdrop People The TRUTH About Reality (it's time you know about)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9EPdMcCtGw

The Belief Broadcast System of Reality and How to TRANSCEND it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VeZxUCodHf4

The Belief Reset Button Buying In on the Game of Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crwXOV31Gs4

The Belief System of 3D, 4D, and 5D and How to Make the SHIFT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CbAlnmTxP_I

The Belief System of a High Vibrational Person and How to TRANSCEND Lower Levels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jaBN08wZoqY

The Belief System of a Millionaire (the good, the bad and the ugly)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqnb9Qg138Y

The Belief System of a Spiritual Millionaire (How To Shift into Abundance NOW)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owDF0dnkM7A

The Belief System of Abundance 3 Mindset SHIFTS that Change Everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ZH5NDZA9gE

The Belief System of Magical Abilities and how YOU can tap into it NOW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wUl6c46eao

The Belief System of MASSIVE Abundance & Success Revealed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PbjVUTzoJaY

The BELIEF System of Sadhguru EXPLAINED (Enlightened People and Beliefs)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nt9oyKLbbTM

The Belief System of the 4th Dimension how to make the SHIFT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFkuv0Xnjns

The BEST Way to Know Your Past Life REVEALED
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T9YeSmHzM-w

The Best Way to Raise Peoples Vibration During Fearful Times (and keep yours high)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5s6m9X1Msx8

The BEST Way to Raise Your Vibration and TRANSCEND Low Vibration Energy ft RSDTyler & JulienHimself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6amk59Uhz_U

The Biggest BLOCK to Raising Your Vibration INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efmTmEUtdaQ

The Bulletproof CURE to Codependency and Neediness (GUARANTEED)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9ZuTPI5kmA

The Cosmic Experiment and TRUTH about Earth NO ONE TELLS YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3ExojQozKA

The Cosmic Game of Reality and 3 Levels of Manifestation EXPLAINED
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0B-yWr5P1xE

The Cosmic Mind of Manifestation No One Talks About (Collective Manifestation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-IADTqYnPw4

The Cosmic Mind of Reality BEYOND the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxTGMklm_3A

The Cure to Nice Guys and People Pleasers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cy2i641h4Ig

The DANGER of Act As if and Fake it till You Make It that NO ONE TELLS YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IlrjYJm-DuY

The DANGER of Everyone is YOU Pushed Out (NO ONE TELLS YOU THIS)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OzMj5Jm0ZUU

The DANGER of Fake It Till You Make it with the Law of Attraction and what to do instead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MdlEpERZmVM

The DANGER of getting STUCK in the Bottom 3 Chakras (how to TRANSCEND)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wYgqJiAcDQ4

The DANGER of Manifestation Symbols and the Dark Side of the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lWhBqQsVEZo

The DANGER of OVER Intention and OVER Surrender with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sadLeRqMJM8

The DANGER of Shortcuts with the Law of Attraction and How to TRUELY Manifest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehgKIuCs8r8

The DANGER of Your Belief System and How to TRANSCEND it and Raise Your Vibration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0bpv4nWoBk

The Dangers of getting STUCK in a Parallel reality REVEALED
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-We8p6cWQ6c

The Dark Side of Being a Starseed Revealed (not what you think)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1xSrjFz5QE

The Dark Side of Desire that is RUINING Your life (and you don't even know it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJiJAgTQpe8

The Dark Side of The Great Awakening No One Talks About
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWfXBI3XMlc

The DARK Side of Willpower REVEALED (how to be free)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FYsk18pA2vI

The Degree to which you LET GO is how much you will RECEIVE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdx2rXVYPIo

The Direction of This Channel What to Expect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thIZ6bdikjQ

The Divine MATRIX of Reality and How to HACK the System
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pDBvDdHYHPg

The Divine Plan REVEALED (beyond your avatar body)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oRGwhxaSUj4

The Ego and the Law of Attraction WARNING DON'T DO THIS (Guided Meditation inside)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLfkqdtHlZ0

The Energy Dynamics of the Law of Attraction and How to HACK it (Meditation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_QxzcMqbJIk

The EXACT Vibration of Manifestation REVEALED (how to tap into it INSTANTLY)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_BI2usokkc0

The Extraterrestrial Agenda in 2019 it's time you know about
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpT-sgjmnlM

The Fabric of Reality and SHIFTING Collective Timelines
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXAjqpDKZqQ

The Fastest Way to Shift to the Parallel Reality You Desire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OTbrzR5kyKM

The Feeling is the Secret Guided Meditation for Feeling it BEFORE You See it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uOA1hjqo8I

The Feeling is the Secret Guided Meditation LISTEN TO THIS DAILY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBCjBoaQmd8

The Formula for TRANSFORMING into Your Best Self NOW (The Secret)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gV7CWmGAkUg

The Frame Technique Meditation for Setting Boundaries and Letting Go of People Pleasing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpc7G2zpag4

The Free Will MYTH Revealed I'm Sorry (it's time you know)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32dq4cJhl2U

The Galactic Federation goes mainstream (what's next)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8YueECD9NpY

The GAME of Reality 101 and How to WIN at LIFE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_MV4gzXy-g

The Great Awakening (3 things it's time to do)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yuGRZr9NAEA

The Great Awakening (an update)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHhuX9zdSbE

The Great Awakening 3 Things You MUST Know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9tO_ao99NA

The Great Awakening and conspiracy theory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1FD7gd2xBk

The Great Awakening and the Hidden Agenda Behind The Scenes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37EOiSpKkhA

The Great Awakening and What is REALLY Happening feat Leeor Alexandra, Victor Oddo and Drew Canole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ShVrX34LLaU

The Great Awakening Climax of 2021 (5 things you need to know)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WJkL9T0Y-Sg

The Great Awakening Has Begun... (What To Expect)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bimq-lO_Scg

The Great Awakening How to Maintain a High Vibration During it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qn0GCPmQf_k

The Great Awakening of 2020 What you need to know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CF1eqDLdts

The Great Awakening Peeling Back the Curtain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQWZo_3Ud4o

The Great Awakening Purge of 2020 & What is Really Happening Behind the Scenes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qD94Vqsu8Uc

The Great Awakening Signs we are in it (and Resources to look into)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Imt7DgGKscM

The Great Awakening Timeline Split (what you need to know)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7mOF4nj1S4

The Great Awakening Timeline Split of 2021 (what to do)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OV78rU9mq5Y

The Great Awakening Why the Truth is Learned and not Taught
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YN9-w0ejPmc

The Great Solar Flash and The Great Awakening (What you need to know)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LcTqxmd3ut4

The Great Solar Flash Event it's time you know about...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRcU8KljK_w

The Harvest into 4th Density The #1 Thing You MUST Do to make the Shift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osrvnGWIxec

The Holographic Manifestation Process BEYOND the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LkCJEEzBIJs

The Holographic Manifestation Process that will Turn Your Reality INSIDE OUT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jFipZHIUX68

The Holographic Reality, Chakras and Dimensions REVEALED (it's time you know)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zC1ihGa52aY

The Holographic Secret to Improving EVERY Area of Your Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYs6JvDF0fw

The Illusion of Outer REALITY Revealed (and how to change the outside)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJZ2GsySTeY

The Importance of Decreasing Importance with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GPsp7vQoYI8

The Infinite Versions of YOU REVEALED the TRUTH on reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXlZTNalmuk

The Key to Changing your Self-Image and Maintaining it (and not falling back to the old self-image)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=095Wnm_nP9Y

The Key to Healing Your Childhood Trauma FOR GOOD (and feeling worthy)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0F759TYqmQk

The Key to Manifestation in 2020 Big Present Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYCYCiC4hJg

The Last Manifestation Video You Ever Have To Watch (do this and thats it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3XdWjfMCBr0

The Law of Attraction and Locational Energy NO ONE TELLS YOU THIS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TloM3DcVVmA

The Law of Attraction and Probabilities How to Increase Intention (Meditation Inside)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMSDEB5ZLmI

The Law of Attraction and the Higher-Self The TRUTH NO ONE TELLS YOU (1992741)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0rUDhIq9s4

The Law of Attraction and the Higher-Self The TRUTH NO ONE TELLS YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3__uWz-cJ0

The Law of Attraction and the Purple Cow Why Being Different is the Secret
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pN1ba0eEH-I

The Law of Attraction and War, Child Abuse, and Negative Experiences....Why Explained.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jadTr1HKsl4

The Law of Attraction, Parallel Realities and Beliefs Creating Reality THE TRUTH
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxKQlLsXWR4

The Law of Subtraction SH#TS on the Law of Attraction (just LET GO)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m6PiimHtTz4

The Let Go of Control and Expectation Video that changed your life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lKZLIqNYOIQ

The LET GO To Let In Manifestation Technique That Works Like MAGIC!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1aFaAo5qI4

The Letting Go Video That Changed Your Life FOREVER
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tN2pDja8Zk

The Limbo State with the Law of Attraction (What To Do)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elDCk_4f2VU

The Living in the End Meditation that Changed Your Life FOREVER
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbEuVjYe9BI

The LOVE Vibration Going BEYOND Belief and into BEING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5DOaVdQajE

The MAGIC of Autosuggestion to Attract What You Want with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iqk5BE7igQM

The Magic of Detachment 3 Things You MUST Let Go of to Manifest Your Dream Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1sifyZQkm0

The Magic of Detachment How it will make attracting love, money and success EASY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJLSVqtetsw

The Magic of Intention using Reality Transurfing® (Inner, Outer and Pure)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KG-uyTflMgM

The MAGIC of Outer Intention and EXACTLY How to Use It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2nk5ApK1Uk

The MAGIC of Reality How to go BEYOND the Ordinary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nb2zuItbZEc

The MAGIC of the LOVE Frequency and How to Tap into it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-p55hezuu6g

The MAGICAL Power of I AM  and How to Use it (only use for good)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q6Cttwp24DE

The Magical Power of Intention and How to REALLY Use It (Law of Attraction Secret)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RObFn18AKKg

The Magnetic Frame (the key to polarity and boundaries that will change your life)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EcTUfqKx3zo

The MAIN Reason You Are NOT Attracting a Relationship (How to Fix It)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FF-JtmwuNc

The Manifestation Formula for 2019 that Works Like Magic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oqt8DgOCfOk

The Miracle Equation Simplified Every Successful Person Uses this Formula
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHbZZiV36Jg

The Mirror Effect of Reality (the TRUTH about Reality)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ci9eqzioevU

The Missing Key to Attracting Your Dream Life Creating Momentum and Patterns
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dr5Z5n97NdA

The Missing Key to Creating Your Reality (The Secret to the Secret)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hr-I-ODiYdE

The Missing Key to Receiving More with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVO8lNhMrew

The Money Belief Video that Changed Your Life FOREVER
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PbYOsls4Q20

The more you let go, the more you receive (my 3 Secrets)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otQ6TAmmBIE

The Most Effective Way To Manifest Love. Period.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xknBmy8lfc

The Most Powerful Accelerator for using the Law of Attraction (and how to use it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fz6MzKwWBzc

The Most Powerful Astral Projection Technique
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4y7AGmcTos

The Most Powerful Habit for Attracting more Money using the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzYDr0tLLyI

The Most Powerful Letting Go Technique for MASTERING the Law of Attraction feat. Koi Fresco
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRyw7q-Wu0M

The Most Powerful Meditation EVER For Feeling Worthy, Whole and Complete
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGiJ51B0HGU

The Most Powerful Meditation for Manifesting While You Sleep (Sleep Meditation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWMwuPLssjg

The Most Powerful Meditation for Trusting the Universe and Letting Go of the Outcome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sD_qYXgYgU

The Most Powerful Meditation for Turning Fear into Power and Strengthening the Immune System
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzSv8Wxak1M

The Most Powerful Reality Transurfing® Meditation for Decreasing Importance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UOvF4wJuCb8

The Most Powerful Realization that Changed My Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0AE8d_Vzbk

the most powerful shadow work I have EVER done yet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pahGTwMdpus

The Most Powerful Technique for attracting a RelationshipSoulmate using the Law of attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dL08L_5m3qs

The Most Powerful Technique for Attracting Love and Relationships
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tB3UWtwbQPo

The Most Powerful Technique for Changing Beliefs (This Changes Everything)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qk9ZKTZ8yus

The Most Powerful Technique for Opening the Third eye and Activating the Pineal Gland
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yF2OPtAzmx4

The Most Powerful Technique for Raising Your Vibrational Frequency feat Dr Sue Morter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CNtBhQanJ1o

The Most Powerful Technique for SHIFTING to a Parallel Reality (WARNING NO GOING BACK)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9-TRHHJd9g

The Most Powerful Technique for SHIFTING to a Parallel Reality INSTANTLY WARNING NO GOING BACK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V2mhNIuF_LA

The Most Powerful Technique for Shifting to the Parallel Reality you prefer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lNaTQthRaM

The Most Powerful Technique to Attract a Specific Person (or Ex) Into Your Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I89BKWIs2iE

The Most Powerful Technique to Change Subconscious Beliefs Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGiSdo3leco

The Most Powerful Technique to Change Subconscious Beliefs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YK7GErke0AM

The Most Powerful Technique to change your Self-Image Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fGNBeuGoMUQ

The Most Powerful Technique to Reprogram the Subconscious Mind Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nA-w983C2Ik

The Most Powerful Technique to Reprogram the Subconscious mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pUtPdJvas50

The Most Powerful Technique to STOP overthinking (and quiet your mind)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5cesjL12A4

The Most Powerful Tool to Transform Your Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2jHO81ursM4

The Most Powerful Way to Heal Yourself (this changed my life)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pUW1-FJQLHM

The Most Powerful Way to Raise Your Vibration INSTANTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUWVbShrfLc

The Most Underrated Reality Shifting Technique that Will CHANGE YOUR LIFE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=943gPv41n1Y

The Multi-Dimensional TRUTH that Changed my life FOREVER
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTl9m8seleQ

The MYTH of the Divine Masculine (NOT what you think)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQ-IVuNQpOM

The Myth of the Pursuit of Happiness Perception vs Pursuit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SrRzGxgMBdo

The ONE Habit that will Attract Love, Money and Success (life-changing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdUEPw3rxF0

The ONE idea will TRANSFORM The Way you Manifest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPc55RTqH6k

The One Thing You Must Do So Narcissists & Sociopaths Get Their Karma
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJoLX7V_cfM

The ONE thing you need to Hear about Manifestation right now (WATCH THIS)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xr_MmWNWLK4

The ONLY reason things aren't Manifesting with the LOA (How to change it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZLBv6fi0eeg

The ONLY Way to REALLY Create Your Own Reality (The Truth)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PXiafuy32pw

The Parallel Reality Bridge to Your Dream Reality (and how to SHIFT to it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQihLySBIzw

The Parallel Reality Timeline LOOP you are in (and don't even know it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ExdQmfKbcGA

The Personality ILLUSION The TRUTH Abut Who You Are REVEALED
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1Uu-DWKsXQ

The Personality Shift that changed your Personal Reality Forever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMIYpaVkZcA

The Power of I AM to TRANSFORM Your Life (How to Use Affirmations)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2zYYGhUi-w

The Power of Intention Guided Meditation for Manifesting Your Dreams
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A7RERneRj6c

The Power of Visualization How to Visualize and Reprogram Your Subconscious Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_uiPWdEXE5Y

The problem with conspiracy theory rabbit holes (WARNING)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2jHNBSnYcSw

The problem with the twin flame belief system (I'm sorry)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BojRgnH8R9A

The Pros and Cons of Raising Your Vibration (No B.S.)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_kEvie78nc

The Purpose of our Simulated Reality and how to HACK the Matrix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7AphiZVNmY

The Quantum Healing Technique for Healing Past Memories (Powerful Healing Process)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1f4F7BOVdPk

The Quantum Manifestation Formula More Powerful than the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MIUY-JL1YZ0

The Quantum Manifestation Process #1 Alternative to the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSRffLNc4Gw

The Quantum Manifestation Process More Powerful than the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6hHgauXZUM

The Quantum Physics of Intention How to Apply it Powerfully
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vx_xMGs_-e0

the real reason everything is happening.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kNljF6Pw938

The REAL Reason Manifestation Time is Speeding Up... (You Must do this...)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNS0pfIl1U0

The REAL Reason You Chose to Come to Earth at This Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nRjhmAiUQp8

The Resonant Manifestation Balloon Meditation (Powerful Law of Attraction Meditation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jigzuY3Iz54

The Revision Technique The Hidden Teachings of Manifesting While you Sleep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMrkv4DSXq8

The Scariest Secret Of The Universe (that makes letting go easy AF)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJE8Pfgeo0Q

The Scariest Secret of the Universe That Enlightened People Don't Share
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QRZeLR9zGsE

The Science Behind the Law of Attraction (and How to Apply it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpPCY6vUo5Y

The Seasons of Manifestation Which Season are you in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acgXz183h58

The Secret to Attracting more Money using the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l2dp94I9UoA

The Secret to Being Yourself Tools to Loving Yourself 100`% and Increasing Self Esteem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dXNxMlPyOk

The Secret to Changing and Healing People REVEALED (NOT WHAT YOU THINK)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8Yf5nHUiJg

The Secret to Creating your own Reality (this changed my life)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZKnd2HTK04

The Secret to Curing Neediness ONCE and for ALL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1MeIMUnxzdg

The SECRET to Deliberately Creating Your Own Reality (Life-Changing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I4qix3gQcHs

The Secret to Detachment with the Law of Attraction (3 Ways To Detach from Outcome)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HqGxnyjQO7M

The Secret to Expectation and Surrender (At The Same Time) with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsrUA14tlR4

The Secret to Feeling 100`% Worthy, Whole, and Complete (that will change your life)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gq163DDj3t4

The Secret to Feeling it BEFORE You Have it (Manifestation Secret)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3LskIbtcJk

The Secret to Following Through with Intentions and Action using the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIFK9e5Bo58

The Secret to Goals with the Law of Attraction (MASSIVE RESULTS)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HTxP1z6SuMI

The Secret to having a breakthrough with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0SfgYIm3oU

The Secret to How Enlightened People Manifest REVEALED
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-pAnkD_VV8

The Secret to Increasing Synchronicity with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n83nW41SBLg

The Secret to INSPIRED Action with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MOCeUhmEpsg

The Secret to Laser Focus with the Law of Attraction (Increase Your Concentration)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXuRAVPvtko

The Secret to MAGNETIC Energy That Influences EVERYTHING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6Vr8SW5Ckc

The Secret to Manifesting in 5D (Higher-Self Manifestation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TmOUWK8zu2Y

The Secret to MASSIVE Abundance (How to Give WITHOUT Expectation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GX-KZ_aUz5I

The Secret to MASSIVE Results with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSCeiUfKRho

The Secret to Success and Positive Change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-NiZD1pWRY

The Secret Weapon Keeping You PLUGGED in to the Matrix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3L8QxyVyyU

The shadow of manifesting 1 Million Youtube subscribers (I am scared to share)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrxBQYHHXNQ

The Shadow Side of the Law of Attraction REVEALED (It's time you know)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UITWs7HuFKA

The Shadow-Side of Being a Starseed that NO ONE TELLS YOU feat Victor Oddo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DjeKv_r4XA

The SHIFT Experience REVEALED (step-by-step)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qii2i5H6Hlk

The SHIFT Within Watch this video you'll NEVER Be the Same
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dfnD5gxC9Bs

The Simulation of Reality and 3 Ways to HACK the System
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwd6pQvbOHk

The Simulation of Reality and the Law of Attraction (NO ONE TELLS YOU THIS)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UbikZFhDYOw

The Social Media Worthiness TRAP How Many Followers Until You feel Worthy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEjr2HVtx9E

The spiritual bypassing TRAP many are in and don't even know it (how to become FREE)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fapfPVFapZM

The Starseed Activation Meditation for Activating Your DNA and Lightcodes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qT_3W0ROkT4

The Starseed Agenda in 2019 you MUST Know About
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJ4Z3AoDDc0

the think a better thought bandaid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9lp-D5hVI2c

The Threads of Manifestation REVEALED and How to Use Them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5w4lW4JjitA

The Timeline CRUNCH of 2020 (and what to do...)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EK-TzU7mGco

The Top 3 Mistakes People Make With the Law of Attraction (How to Fix it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sp3pJHTXIYo

The Top 3 Things I've Learned from Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CoQXSQ9qhGI

The TRAP of the 3rd Dimension and how to Break FREE into 5D
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FH-mhHyuztc

The Truth About Collective Manifestation, The Media, and How to TRANSCEND It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AFF-K78W-es

The Truth About Conspiracy Theories That Will Make You Feel Good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BT4oLzLD3dI

The TRUTH about Soul Contracts, Soul Agreements, and Pre Life Agreements NO ONE TELLS YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=13CsMjfnGsY

The TRUTH About Starseeds, Indigos and Crystal Children that NO ONE TELLS YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2XM7ZCtk4Y

The TRUTH about the EVENT, Ascension and the Great Solar Flash NO ONE TELLS YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52m70YkV0wI

The Truth about the Law of Attraction, Time and Your Past NO ONE TELLS YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TRXMAJrJ-cE

The TRUTH About Thoughts and the Law of Attraction NO ONE TELLS YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knhUNV3Tuhs

The truth About Twinflames VS Soulmates you Probably Don't want to Hear About
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ZL2svd_vpw

The TRUTH About What You Do In DREAM State NO ONE TELLS YOU THIS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0UhGHr-I7BI

The Truth about Why A Narcissist is the way they are (not what you think)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJTWVQMwhu8

The TRUTH About Your Vibration that NO ONE TELLS YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMKqFe-Qt_w

The TRUTH of the Matrix of Reality and How to TRANSCEND the Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lJ2GOh5_Io8

The TRUTH on 5th Dimension Manifestation (How to REALLY do it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4jUMexys6Y

The Truth on Abundance and Trusting yourself 100`% (and how to do it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OrAXf7-tSks

The Truth on Action and Emotions with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITlQleqnelE

The TRUTH on ALL Beliefs and How to TRANSCEND them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kp_lerpBvJs

The Truth on Ascension and Spiritual Awakening (3 ways to Ascend)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1qOFx0JYBY

The Truth on Astrology (and its Influence over us)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Npu4pcl84U

The Truth on Attracting your Soulmate (and how to do it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8M0MHEgBEk0

The Truth on Changing your Appearence using the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62JmDC7nKhM

The Truth on Controlling Emotions and Raising your Consciousness (and how to do it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HxL-c_rklOE

The Truth on Enlightenment and Spiritual Awakening Most Powerful Realization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QdlWV0L_wgU

The Truth on Expectations with the Law of Attraction (and how to do it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2s9d7qdO5Es

The TRUTH on Full Moon Energy Updates REVEALED (NOT WHAT YOU THINK)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qi_Bw9YJ41U

The TRUTH on Ghosts, Astral Projection and Dreams NO ONE TELLS YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yLcJnVZPlGQ

The TRUTH on Karma, the Law of Attraction and Past Lives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BMXt6-Djhqc

The TRUTH on Manifestation and Higher Dimensions NO ONE TELLS YOU THIS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bAOFqjWyFc

The Truth on Manifestation How to Remove Blocks for the LOA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPpRBl0lkrQ

The Truth on Manifesting Multiple Things at Once with the Law of Attraction (How to Really Do it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q6ZATYBP5R8

The Truth on Manifesting What You Want in 7 Days (How to REALLY Do It)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gt2I9IUXSbU

The Truth on No Fap, Sex and the Law of Attraction (My Perspective)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0WOw0lRPTo

The Truth on Predictions The ONLY way to really Predict your Future (and how to do it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDoKbcw31wY

The Truth on Subliminals and the Law of Attraction (How to REALLY Use Them)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9tvrFZQz-A

The TRUTH on Synchronicity REVEALED (Time vs Timing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SsoMHNMLIQg

The Truth on the 17 Second Manifestation (How to REALLY Do It)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwKhvOZFkEw

The TRUTH on The Law of Attraction, Reality and The Game of Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHcjSDjdMUI

The Truth on the Secret The Missing Key to the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bauc3bGjVrA

The Truth on Visualization and the Missing Link to Influencing the Subconscious Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUH_SKl-_F0

The Ultimate Guide to Releasing Resistance and Letting Go with Emotions and the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GpPxskUdTT0

The Ultimate Law of Attraction Success Formula (3 Steps GUARANTEED to Work)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQhwAu_pLIs

the universe will BRING it to you if you do this!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2n7JQ4JnEBM

The Universe will Manifest FOR You if you do this ONE thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7OG8XuQdGU

The Universe Will Manifest FOR You If you Do This
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyOYMcXp0QY

The Universe will Manifest FOR You when you do these 3 things...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZlI3n4wRbk

The Vibration of a Control Freak and How to TRANSCEND it and TRUST the Universe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5vv1JFImJu4

The Vibration of a People Pleaser and how to heal it (Aaron's Kitchen)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WRMGgp8NuXc

The Vibration of ADHD (and how I cured my own step-by-step)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_noc0T3o8c

The Vibration of Attention Video that changed your life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujr2KJR7nz0

The Vibration Of Breakups (And How To Heal And Move On)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ki7ksCOOfWk

The Vibration Of Cannabis And Why I Quit (not what you think)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LuXJ8zBUBS0

The Vibration of Celebrities REVEALED (Reality Transurfing®)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mq_W00v-3dM

The Vibration of Controlling life and how to break FREE (once and for all)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHnee7paW6Y

The Vibration of Desire REVEALED (not what you think)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fl4L-lp7BY4

The Vibration of Magic 3 ways to BE Supernatural
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gcLx6Gpw4WA

The Vibration of Money Video that Made You RICH
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JK7bLkALGgw

The Vibration of Neediness Make it Natural and this will happen...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxjWehJs2rA

The Vibration of not giving a Sht (most powerful video you'll ever watch)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdW4e7fZm84

The Vibration of Sexual Energy (Don't WASTE it!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QB4zCJZdCd8

The Vibration of the Law of Attraction REVEALED (BEYOND the Law of Attraction)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=er0Lq5PUoCg

The Vibration of Trusting the Universe (and NOT controlling it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGJoITseVXQ

The Vibration of Unconditional Love REVEALED 3 Secrets that will change your life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F1C0rC7x6gc

The Vibration of Valentine's Day REVEALED Tap into the LOVE Vibration Like This
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hunsGFXDIIs

The Vibration of Wanting Love and Relationships VS Having (the missing key to attracting love)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILw5GM04xYQ

The Vibration of Wanting Money VS Having Money The TRUE Vibration of Abundance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pUQXxcg5f8

The Vibration of Wanting VS Having and How to Make the SHIFT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JSS_yY7rWkk

The Vibration of Wanting VS Having Are 2 Totally Different Realities Here Is What To Do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LchshaPo-sg

The Vibration of Weed, Alcohol & Plant Medicine Revealed (and how to raise your vibration above it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gh3jh5VCo_E

The Vibration of Willpower REVEALED (not what you think)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6DdgAQoyTKs

The Vibrational Making of a Narcissist (and the Antidote)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3buJvmp4Dh8

The Vibrational Purge What it is and How to Deal with it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTzZblgG1m8

The Vibrational Resonance of Abundance (TAP in like this)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQsroNILkEI

The Vibrational Resonance of Alignment (My Top Tips)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVqmcmRP9UA

The Vibrational Resonance of MONEY and How to Align with it (NOT WHAT YOU THINK)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_H7oeF3pmGY

The Vibrational Resonance your DREAM Parallel Reality (and how to SHIFT to it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngSEI_4QnG8

The Video that broke you out of your box (and changed your life forever)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U0xGM7e8KzE

The White Hot Burning Desire of B.S (do this instead)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H58HhwSD3qI

things aren't adding up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lBu-cQSnJ0A

This Is why EVERYTHING Changes with Spiritual Awakening & Here's what to Do About it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwwJXBFH8yg

This Keeps you Reincarnating in 3D Over and Over and Over Again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMa6HnPfVzA

This Magnetic Love Formula Will Have Love Chase YOU (only use for good)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yD2v5WWfSMc

This Meditation will ACCELERATE the Law of Attraction (WARNING You Better Be Ready)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYkauTqiMJY

This Meditation will Balance Your Chakras and Raise Your Vibration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I0VBZVc4zQ4

This Meditation will Connect You to Your Higher-Self WARNING You will NEVER Be the Same
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f05x55A6XaU

This Meditation will Connect You to Your Spirit Guides WARNING YOU BETTER BE READY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RChKoll1cCU

This Meditation will Increase Your Intention Power and Manifestation Ability
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hOaYIxsUmiY

This Meditation Will Make You RICH (Meditate and Grow RICH)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R1rZAtViH_8

This Meditation will MERGE you with your Higher-Self (WARNING THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dt79a1UUdM

This Meditation Will Open Your Heart and Increase Love in Your Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpHaNA_TQPk

This Meditation Will Open Your Third Eye INSTANTLY WARNING THERE'S NO GOING BACK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sarP1Wo9LRU

This Meditation will Raise Your Dominant Vibration PERMANENTLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKrPqB59kg0

This Meditation Will Raise Your Vibration INSTANTLY (Life-Changing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOgZa9KDPoo

This Meditation will Re-wire Your Brain For Success WARNING You Will Never Be the Same
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViyjEvbQfDA

This Meditation Will SHIFT You into the 5th Dimension (WARNING NO GOING BACK)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTAJBZv-rCA

This Meditation Will Shift You to a Parallel Reality (WARNING THERE'S NO GOING BACK)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JeWYtyJbSMA

This Meditation Will Shift You to a Parallel Reality of Abundance (WARNING THERE'S NO GOING BACK)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPQUyExlEEk

This Meditation will SHIFT You to The Most Optimal Timeline INSTANTLY (WARNING NO GOING BACK)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nUZGnbl0Sc

This Meditation will SHIFT your Level of Consciousness INSTANTLY WARNING There's NO Going Back (1238761)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pr6g3IwDoqU

This Meditation will SHIFT your Level of Consciousness INSTANTLY WARNING There's NO Going Back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6zdna7jhyY

This Meditation will TRANSFORM the Manifestation Process (Law of Attraction Meditation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKhHNHa2AZ4

This Meditation will TRANSFORM Your Emotional-Set Point WARNING THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8_cF0aTPV8

This Meditation will TRANSFORM Your Self-Image WARNING YOU WILL NEVER BE THE SAME
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EedAyORl0Ds

This Meditation Will Trigger INSTANT Manifestation (WARNING YOU BETTER BE READY)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxA1Ll7c0-Y

This Video will Raise Your Vibration INSTANTLY WARNING NO GOING BACK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H62llxhX6HE

This video will SHIFT you to the 4th Dimension INSTANTLY WARNING NO GOING BACK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HS6DckZx9Q

This video will shift your level of consciousness (watch till the end)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5oZ_-cRFvk0

This Video will SHIFT Your Timeline INSTANTLY WARNING NO GOING BACK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XsffIJNkJHM

This Video Will Trigger a Vibrational TRANSFORMATION in You (WARNING NO GOING BACK)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXads2fXPq8

Thought Forms 101 The Hidden Teachings of the Law of Attraction & The Secret
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fPboGPkW1SY

Thought Forms 201 The Hidden Vibration of Thoughts Revealed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnsCaPbR9Fc

Thoughts Creating Reality from 3D, 4D, and 5D Levels of Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=An-bI3Q1_Ks

Time in the 5th Dimension with Activation Meditation (this will change your life)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSTf3pC7rHE

Time Travelers You Are One (and don't even know it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqNAO3mcmFs

Transcending the 3rd Dimension How to Do it NOW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZaoHl6lxU8

Transformative Breathing Technique For Changing Beliefs and TRANSFORMING Your Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRMjYr1KTWc

Trust the Universal Law of Attraction 100`% By Doing This
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ixm9lDxIhWY

Trusting the Universe 101 EVERYTHING you Need to Know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dilA4Hqo8HI

TUNE into the Vibration of Abundance LIKE THIS...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RUYwCkkhQJI

Twin Flamitis The Truth About The Twin Flame Belief System
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecJIyHMz2G0

Ultimate Guide to Letting Go of Outcome, Relationships, and Emotions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ravi5Lf-d_I

Use the AUTOPILOT Mind for the Law of Attraction to Attract What You Want (POWERFUL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLgbnK9B9GU

Use The MAGIC of Detachment to Attract Love & Relationships
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wMXaxWIp__4

Use the Power of Expectation to Attract What You Want with the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBjJ1oOiY6A

Using Binaural Beats for Visualization and Reprograming the Subconscious Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhfZJChLqPM

Using the I AM Presence to Accelerate the Law of Attraction Process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3hwgQ6y-sw

Using Water to Manifest ANYTHING with the Law of Attraction with Eric Ho
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zTiyADUlEoE

Using Water to Manifest with the Law of Attraction (How to Do It)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6IDw84GxLZo

Vibrational Communication 101 Everything you were NOT taught in School
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9HfVwD2xLbA

Visualization Secrets Changing Beliefs Technique Using Visualization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJdPb3nYUVQ

Visualization Secrets How to Feel it before you have it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9oxOFJ0GvPE

WAKE UP in the Matrix by Watching this Video (no going back)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bPv1VevCCSc

WALK into a Parallel Reality with this Meditation WARNING THERE'S NO GOING BACK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8O4CjZZiYs

Wanderer Souls VS Walk In Souls Signs YOU Are One (and How to KNOW)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fZPNWizNp-0

Warning  Do NOT Create Your Own Reality Instead Do This
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Kp49ZubyIY

WARNING The Manifestation DELAY is Going AWAY (what to do about it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7LIjJDo-YI

Watch This For Your Starseed Mission (if you can see this, it's time you know...)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1eFvteJcgo0

Watch this video in 2020 and you'll NEVER be the Same
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQbzi0vYSRs

Watch This Video to Meet Your Future Self (you'll never be the same)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCI5OXE1OP4

we are being played. (and don't even know it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZ0KJEFp5pU

Weird Manifestation Technique I Used to Manifest My New Home (Only use for good)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oR3HumS4tdA

What all Empaths and People Pleasers NEED to hear to heal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l3aTvXPA08g

What are Dreams How to Understand Dreams and Tools for Effective Dreaming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7YYXtmpeaM

What Can STOP The Great Awakening I'm sorry...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-0pJt9erJQ

What I REALLY Think About The Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enRXpxrcc2M

what I think is ACTUALLY happening right now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwIPwJJQmZk

What I've Learned from over 1,000 hours of Studying Personal Transformation (WATCH THIS)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8evblT3sfxw

What is Enlightenment like (Satire)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qT2jCx6ARYg

what is really going on right now here it is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wrhd8z63bI

What is Really Happening Behind The Scenes (Not what you think)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZlXXfSX-IvY

What Is The Vibration Of Your Thoughts Find Out By Watching This Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xRU6ELKee4

What it Means to be a Dreamr (Dreamer)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZwcIFI6Ijs

What it REALLY took to Manifest my Dream Life (PLUS NEW House Tour!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjs0g2_DatU

What it's REALLY Like to Live in the 4th Dimension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofuicT5UlEs

What it's REALLY Like to Live in the 5th Dimension
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J24iZF2BRXI

what the Mayans taught me about 2021 (and what we must do)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ph5x8--rv2w

What The Vibration of Having More Love and Success Feels Like (and how to have it now)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5oRvb5hBJEo

what we must do in 2021.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgj17EuVyXM

What You REALLY Need to Hear to Attract What You Want using the Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0bMRlnJNmk

What's Your Vibration and how to Raise it! (watch this to find out)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8b8Yg2n8lbk

When I STOPPED Chasing Validation, Approval and Success THIS happened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgkrT1qyfJ8

When in low vibration, here is what I do (and DON'T do)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IpYteDCwI7Q

Why A Narcissist is In Your Life and What To Do About it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ygpo0iPmSg

Why are you in this Virtual Reality (are you sure you want to know)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2O53dWpE-c

Why being a Control Freak in 2021 will NOT fly (and how to heal it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnzLABfuSFs

Why Desire Blocks You from Manifestation (How to TRANSCEND it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDUiIwgSnqg

Why Desire is BLOCKING the Law of Attraction (Do This Instead)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVE48CnupDY

Why Doing This to Your Posture Can Change Your Life 3 Tools to Increasing Confidence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AgdfyRSJKLo

Why Drink Alkaline Water A Simple Understanding to the Benefits of Alkaline Water
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QjGppEPD8Yk

Why I Stopped Smoking Weed and How I did it Step-by-Step (Life-Changing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xiwqxzBDpLY

Why I Stopped Smoking Weed and How It Changed My Life...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_VjHGps1M2g

Why I Went Vegan My Story & Realizations that made me go Vegan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PXnpa87hVxg

Why Letting Go and NOT Wanting is the key to Receiving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTNrvpPHJOg

Why Manifestation is Speeding up and How to Do it Consciously
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3BZdbMtUpQ

Why Narcissists & Sociopaths Don't Get their Karma
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GE9kRDIE9sE

Why Narcissists and Sociopaths Crave your Attention (and how to stop feeding them)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bLVLfIUQQBE

Why Spiritual People Lack Boundaries and Can't Say NO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ao-bPUzZ-dk

Why the Law of Attraction is NOT Working Missing Keys That Change EVERYTHING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WF8rRsi88f0

Why The Law of Attraction is OUTDATED in 2020 and what to do instead...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdBXzKWV3ww

Why Wanting love is blocking love (the truth)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7Dy4Dw_r5E

why we may live in a virtual reality (but NOT a simulation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DbnoTfz9NrA

Why We Must Believe We Can End World Hunger and Feed the Planet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2QxDpTeLkv4

Why You Attract Feminine Men or Masculine Women (and what to do about it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LkPuc5YabY0

Why You Came to Earth From The Higher Dimensions and WHY You Are Here NOW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eydms_E_TpQ

Why You MUST Let Go to Attract What you Want (Law of Attraction Secret)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBw1n16br8Y

Why You MUST Shift from 3rd Density to 4th Density NOW (DON'T GET LEFT BEHIND)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yHrVe0pIfYQ

Why Your Attention is Powerful How to Increase Your Attention-Span
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VIE5SXLfyk

Why Your Twin Flame is Running and How to Have Them Chase YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C7P321ZlP_c

Why Your Visualizations Are NOT Manifesting (Bonus Meditation that Works Life Magic)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N_99H7B5pF0

Worthiness and Love The Key to Allowing LOVE in NOW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzWHtcC-7Cs

Wounded Masculine and Feminine Polarity This KILLS Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBFlFL_2vrA

You are Powerful A Reminder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9y_5SenWVI

You ARE Worthy Let me PROVE It To You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8cC94fjMUo

You will feel 100`% Worthy, Whole and Complete if you do this one thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iXV8DKLsISs

You'll See it When You BE it The TRUTH About Reality Creation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UvVqoTl5KWI

Your Attitude is BLOCKING the Law of Attraction From Working (How to Fix it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3A2Je-VWo-I

Your Beliefs are BLOCKING the Law of Attraction (How to Fix it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gh44A8djMmA

Your Body Language is BLOCKING the Law of Attraction (How to Fix It)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tC75SrrH9Gs

Your Breathing is BLOCKING the Law of Attraction (How to Fix It)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7M07R6AEbzc

Your Diet is BLOCKING the Law of Attraction From Working (How to Fix It)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=73DAMcIfPRA

Your Facial Expressions are BLOCKING the Law of Attraction from Working
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rUMU6o3pqw

Your Future Self Transformation Step-by-Step (NO GOING BACK)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5rz4yJDHuQ

Your Goals Are BLOCKING the Law of Attraction From Working (How to REALLY Achieve Them)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7gPswvUAKs

Your love attachment style is blocking love (what's yours)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPlvEPwh0Es

Your MULTIDIMENSIONAL Self that it's time you know about...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkTTRCeazzw

Your Personality CREATES Your Personal Reality Guided Meditation (Dr Joe Dispenza)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xetxko-UoSY

Your Personality Creates Your Personal Reality using Parallel Realities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdrV_7_7M4g

Your Personality is NOT Permanent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJetHkPtseU

Your Perspective is  BLOCKING the Law of Attraction from Working (How to Fix it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMUPreq0RJw

Your Story About Love is Keeping You Single
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J5NBodmEIwE

Your Story Is Ruining Your Life (change it like this...)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7O0W33KVUk

Your Subconscious Mind is BLOCKING the Law of Attraction (How to Fix it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phzYMZR0LtQ

Your UNIQUE Vibrational Frequency REVEALED and How to Tap into it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhuu7gEmANQ

Your vibration did NOT start with you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cmDkwCfJW00

Your Voice and the Law of Attraction (How to Apply it to Attract What You Want)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BhjP1c_3b24

Zen Manifestation Techniques That Work like MAGIC Empty Your Mind...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PEdzJFzGWQc

Zero-Point Energy Manifestation The Key to MASSIVE Results
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpwHQ2A1My4
Aaron Doughty - Videos