
Python Basics   __repr__   Method
https://youtu.be/kjfSNYcZ1WU

Python Basics 1K Views Random Seed
https://youtu.be/3bhhizX6ytA

Python Basics 200 Subs
https://youtu.be/yfQjFIWTteg

Python Basics Built in Repr Function
https://youtu.be/cY51xd_WBRk

Python Basics Comment Un-comment Code
https://youtu.be/lK9ACfKkTAc

Python Basics Itertools Dropwhile Method
https://youtu.be/uhusuA_o5mE

Python Basics Itertools Permutations
https://youtu.be/SxTIWPeFnIY

Python Basics Itertools Tee Method
https://youtu.be/FpqS-hTNPDw

Python Basics Matplotlib Legend Location
https://youtu.be/dsLqNvf2zS0

Python Basics Matplotlib Pyplot Text Method
https://youtu.be/6bHUzjjqTRQ

Python Basics Matplotlib Pyplot Title Function
https://youtu.be/Or_ZECfyC48

Python Basics More With Dir Function
https://youtu.be/7kIMr_FACpg

Python Basics Os Path Abspath Method
https://youtu.be/U1CBgRJ6ARU

Python Basics Os Path Dirname Method
https://youtu.be/jDJvnlNnAJU

Python Basics Os Path Split Method
https://youtu.be/-rkXRAzanNY

Python Basics Playlists
https://youtu.be/v2zLxTeQ7tY

Python Basics Pop Quiz #1 Answer
https://youtu.be/7mixaBNSGVs

Python Basics Pop Quiz #2 Answer
https://youtu.be/ttmYgah6Nms

Python Basics Pop Quiz #2
https://youtu.be/sqhUnBxTP5I

Python Basics Pygame Font get fonts Method
https://youtu.be/Pzy_FzDt3kA

Python Basics Pygame Font Render Method
https://youtu.be/4S-hT8GeFH0

Python Basics Pygame font SysFont Function
https://youtu.be/rLltocCtrIU

Python Basics Requested Number Triangle
https://youtu.be/Vfpytqs1pWQ

Python Basics Return or In Place
https://youtu.be/RmdHJvRmv-g

Python Basics __str__ Method
https://youtu.be/iyrkd_LFdP8
Videos 651-675