
Abraham Hicks - About The Year 2012
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5GOrWHdh59E

Abraham Hicks - Eyes of Source
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Tq5K0n2_Mw

Abraham Hicks - The Great Awakening (NEW)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfIEQKtt61s

Abraham Hicks on Low Self Esteem and connection with source
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKdHJyHB-Bo

Abraham RAMPAGE OF INVINCIBILITY - Esther & Jerry Hicks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8rkvEaVrG0

Abraham THE LAW OF ATTRACTION - Part 1 of 5 - Esther & Jerry Hicks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTb6mKAwftA

Abraham THE LAW OF ATTRACTION - Part 2 of 5 - Esther & Jerry Hicks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmRep5MXsB0

Abraham The LAW OF ATTRACTION - Part 3 of 5 - Esther & Jerry Hicks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mu3j1ztEyKs

Abraham The LAW OF ATTRACTION - Part 4 of 5 - Esther & Jerry Hicks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sb749f30Z8w

Abraham THE LAW OF ATTRACTION - Part 5 of 5 - Esther & Jerry Hicks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdXyEEE5OVA

Abraham ~ Use your focus as your leverage not your action
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDUgjp-oOhk

Abraham-Hicks (Law Of Attraction, as manager)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zhlsWPNPIg

Abraham-Hicks (Your unique Vibrational Escrow)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NTQK_kjLZJo

Abraham-Hicks - Living life in appreciation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLd25Qoo_3w

Abraham-Hicks Before Doing It, Align With It!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3hpKboPsmmI

Abraham-Hicks Feel Good Now, It's Important!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GAoLDrERfko

Abraham-Hicks Have Faith In Your Manager
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJnfOwsyRbI

Abraham-Hicks Removing Brakes From Abundance in 17 Seconds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OrkUWdQ_mdU

Abraham-Hicks Seeing Through the Eyes of Source!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grkdXKxbkNc

Abraham-Hicks ?? - Before You Became Physical
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgZ5EFI5RLI

Abraham-Hicks~ When feeling happy it's time to ask
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWBFSrWVD-8

Focus Wheel Process  Weight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7B_UBW2MwAg

~Abaham-Hicks~How YOU can channel ABRAHAM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ilomKaFyw0
Abraham-Hicks Channelings