
Python Basics 25 Horse Race Test Pt 1
https://youtu.be/TSrQMFTf94E&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics 25 Horse Race Test pt 2
https://youtu.be/qS8hUo84HX4&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics 25 Horse Race Test Uncut
https://youtu.be/TDRHNEbvvYs&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Better Than Average Full
https://youtu.be/61BSiv3w2bg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Better than average pt 1
https://youtu.be/uaa8vOCaScM&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Better than average pt 2
https://youtu.be/85cWmnKr2EM&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Better than average pt 3
https://youtu.be/gzAGTTe0d2M&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Board Game Pt  1
https://youtu.be/fzAEwJgWHfM&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Board Game Pt  2
https://youtu.be/lE_GPgw1NoU&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Board Game Pt  3
https://youtu.be/rHAG3XNhAJg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Board Game Pt  4
https://youtu.be/irCSc8dMoMk&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Built-in Sorted Function
https://youtu.be/Hk8ZtsdrBAU&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Can You Solve This
https://youtu.be/oTn05FW34C4&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Factor List Comprehension
https://youtu.be/G4JRgHDs_dI&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics For Loop with List
https://youtu.be/3p-eT-Vsqec&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics GCD Part 1
https://youtu.be/Zvrn7_IsBaM&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Gcd pt 2
https://youtu.be/pxMtT97g-3I&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Gcd pt 3
https://youtu.be/Ct6_Nf4Dh_A&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics How To Split a String
https://youtu.be/lu9yA84tNKo&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics List Comprehension with Conditions
https://youtu.be/Y7UWZoAME4I&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics List Comprehension
https://youtu.be/ljd3BqTOS8Y&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics List Copy Method
https://youtu.be/EUfXIgvXqHc&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics List Index Method
https://youtu.be/usi6-H3F2jw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics List of Lists comprehension
https://youtu.be/MogcG7Y4Yxw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics List of Lists
https://youtu.be/JeNUZ0qSzvo&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics List Remove Method
https://youtu.be/Os2R4txWnzQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Lists Append and Extend Methods
https://youtu.be/3_HLQfSPiZM&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Lists Method Sort
https://youtu.be/5gDs_ifF25o&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics More With Lists
https://youtu.be/q1eqYK7GXPU&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Nested List Comprehension of Two Strings
https://youtu.be/A6n4LKP71mQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Nested List Comprehension
https://youtu.be/L1GHuT8tdw0&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Pop Method
https://youtu.be/Ill7XMojpvQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Pop Quiz #1 Answer
https://youtu.be/7mixaBNSGVs&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Pop Quiz #1
https://youtu.be/avgO2QpjZTs&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Pop Quiz #3 Answer
https://youtu.be/W4GSLfaY6OQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Pop Quiz #3
https://youtu.be/wU_ROiyHj4I&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Prime Numbers
https://youtu.be/4CMHEQjjgqo&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Solve This Answer
https://youtu.be/Mb5Y5PKF4Jg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Sort List of Lists pt 2
https://youtu.be/YuNXepZjkTU&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Sort List of Lists pt 3
https://youtu.be/1g0ne8YC4BA&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Sort List of Lists Pt. 1
https://youtu.be/SrSfRvyaueg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Sort List of Lists Uncut
https://youtu.be/oReW9YQc3DE&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics String Value Unicode
https://youtu.be/goyOGo_kop8&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics String Value Using a Dictionary
https://youtu.be/UPpz08tKINA&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Sum All Positive Numbers
https://youtu.be/30nPCSkVPgA&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Time List comprehension and for loops
https://youtu.be/D0UEwoMTq28&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Tutorial How Nested List Comprehension Works
https://youtu.be/v1pOt32hqzQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Tutorial How to Make a Copy Of A List
https://youtu.be/s-iega_17-I&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Tutorial Problem Solving #1  Sort a String Challenge
https://youtu.be/-cxpI6YCuI0&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG

Python Basics Tutorial What's the difference between Lists and Dictionaries
https://youtu.be/h-D5A3mj5KI&list=PLaYT64KWZAEMilZPoXneYtspAH0EVnXzG
Videos 1-25