
Advanced Ruby Debugging With the TracePoint Class
https://youtu.be/GPa_Gq_kriw

Bitwise Operations in Ruby
https://youtu.be/8QnNzGxau1A

Decorator Design Pattern (With Ruby Example)
https://youtu.be/J_T5Gmr8Wrg

Fast Lookup & Unique Items With Sets
https://youtu.be/awjlPi67DDg

Hash Methods Transform Values & Transform Keys
https://youtu.be/_a4Hpu590AI

How to Build Your Own Command Line Applications in Ruby
https://youtu.be/YzaO_wbw93g

How To Build Your Own Ruby Gems
https://youtu.be/htVobF9-P3Y

How To Convert An Array Into A Regular Expression
https://youtu.be/l6rLCX5uzeU

How to Create Ruby Objects That Describe Themselves
https://youtu.be/OY-Hw3kpdhg

How to Find Prime Numbers With Ruby
https://youtu.be/33pLqGvk-PM

How To Invert a Hash in Ruby
https://youtu.be/iNVp494m3MU

How To Merge Two Hashes In Ruby
https://youtu.be/KF5KTw19p-o

How To Use Look-Ahead Regular Expressions in Ruby
https://youtu.be/OngIO3haPlE

How To Use Multi-Dimensional Arrays in Ruby
https://youtu.be/v63G4pJTqlg

How To Use Named Regular Expression in Ruby!
https://youtu.be/mLqmB6qXRSg

How to Use The Observer Design Pattern
https://youtu.be/iexhJ8pq6Kc

How to Use The Spaceship Operator in Ruby
https://youtu.be/f4NItw7r33E

Rack Explained For Ruby Developers
https://youtu.be/yiTfevxB43k

Ruby Array#rotate Method
https://youtu.be/xV-6AcTYnfQ

Ruby Singleton Design Pattern
https://youtu.be/QDqWQrK_FOg

Strategy Design Pattern (With Ruby Example)
https://youtu.be/zLgEtOl3eGQ

Tell Don't Ask Principle in Ruby
https://youtu.be/3BaKc-hWGmA

Understanding Data Structures
https://youtu.be/JiaOIEqmZ_Y

Understanding The Law of Demeter
https://youtu.be/oigVMMQ2woo

What's Method Visibility in Ruby
https://youtu.be/PX2nYhKlVv4
Videos 151-175