
DRAW A NOSE TO PRACTICE YOUR SHADING! PENCIL DRAWING ON THE IPAD PRO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsLxDW1_ox0&pp=sAQA

Drawing a Baby Portrait with Graphite Pencils
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NA7cFXvXw2o&pp=sAQA

Drawing a Face from a Photo - Boy Portrait
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SN9IiutuKl4&pp=sAQA

DRAWING A HAIR UPDO WITH FLOWERS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SepZvMHj-M&pp=sAQA

Drawing a Man Portrait with Graphite Pencils
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6stbDmHb28&pp=sAQA

Drawing a minimalistic Portrait with Graphite Pencils
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sG3a4JxRQvU&pp=sAQA

Drawing a Portrait with Graphite Pencils  Emmy Kalia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RaxfKiKcMUM&pp=sAQA

Drawing and Painting a Bird with Watercolors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wimAkhfICG8&pp=sAQA

DRAWING FROM YOUR PHONE EYE SKETCH
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ZJLsR2ifrY&pp=sAQA

How to draw a face for beginners from sketch to finish  Emmy Kalia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-c3L90nsesw&pp=sAQA

How to draw a realistic eye and Why you need darker values! Emmy Kalia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZLORcuI57A&pp=sAQA

How to draw an accurate sketch using simple guidelines
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OBrpx2vTly4&pp=sAQA

How to draw and shade a portrait using Graphite Pencils
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_M73zJ8Wis&pp=sAQA

How to draw from a reference photo, sketching and shading a portrait  Emmy Kalia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5b-NltDNawU&pp=sAQA

How to draw two eyes the same
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1elwmV2kmXg&pp=sAQA

How to get a Likeness in a Portrait Drawing - Drawing from a Reference Photo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m4-LKtewtn4&pp=sAQA

How to get better at drawing! My NEW Membership
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-dhI83HkHs&pp=sAQA

How to paint a Floral Wreath with Watercolors for Valentines Day  Emmy Kalia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F2RscMqAgZI&pp=sAQA

Learn how to create Beautiful Portraits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjxzq_fXe7s&pp=sAQA

Learn How To Draw Realistic Eyes #emmykalia? #shorts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svSVwDXV-xI&pp=sAQA

MY DRAWINGS 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1yEMmGOOns&pp=sAQA

PaintingColoring a face with Watercolors and Colored pencils
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S915VbodBbA&pp=sAQA

Practice drawing Facial Features first!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRwNMQDkl6o&pp=sAQA

Simple Drawing Exercises for Beginners, How to draw a bird!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EP7iNJSasTk&pp=sAQA

Sketching and Shading a Face with 3 pencils
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7ZxyGhfTNo&pp=sAQA

Sketching and Shading a Girl Portrait with Graphite Pencils
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CI1_uEqxw2I&pp=sAQA

Sketching and Shading Facial Features #emmykalia #shorts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lx0FHvA7yUA&pp=sAQA

Trying A New Medium Portrait Painting With Watercolors  Emmy Kalia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_o9pdeepyNE&pp=sAQA

Understanding the Basic Proportions of a Face
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LVggDMsyMIE&pp=sAQA

Why is it important to learn the basics of drawing first
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5YjM6IxyH-4&pp=sAQA
Emmy Kalia