
Adjusting Metrics Across the Business  Data Science Hangout  Kobi Abayomi at Warner Music Group
https://youtu.be/ROcH6YKzICw&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTu3bUoyYknD-vpR7Uq6bsR

Building Relationships with IT and Non-Data Scientists  Data Science Hangout  Jonathan Regenstein
https://youtu.be/pNTENrov020&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTu3bUoyYknD-vpR7Uq6bsR

Building your Personal Brand in Data Science  Data Science Hangout  Rami Krispin
https://youtu.be/qPMJiXg7XME&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTu3bUoyYknD-vpR7Uq6bsR

Calculating ROI with the business  Data Science Hangout  Prabha Thanikasalam at Flex
https://youtu.be/Esrx4EedMFo&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTu3bUoyYknD-vpR7Uq6bsR

Communicating the Value of Data Science  Data Science Hangout  Elaine McVey at the Looma Project
https://youtu.be/IkqItgPSPro&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTu3bUoyYknD-vpR7Uq6bsR

Data Science is More About People  Data Science Hangout  Óli Páll Geirsson at City of Reykjavik
https://youtu.be/aIDg-9Ox5vo&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTu3bUoyYknD-vpR7Uq6bsR

Data science team culture  Data Science Hangout  Asmae Toumi, PursueCare
https://youtu.be/Rj1V-hq3KdU&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTu3bUoyYknD-vpR7Uq6bsR

Finding Quick Wins & Advice for Getting your First Job in Sports  Chase Carpenter  Chicago Cubs
https://youtu.be/pwau7bT5O34&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTu3bUoyYknD-vpR7Uq6bsR

Focusing tools on adoption, BI Tools & Shiny  Data Science Hangout  Nate Kratzer at Brown-Forman
https://youtu.be/MdVhMxAYZrY&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTu3bUoyYknD-vpR7Uq6bsR

Fundamentals of Data Strategy & Data Science Maturity  Data Science Hangout  Joel Pepera at GEICO
https://youtu.be/QVD7JXwtjmg&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTu3bUoyYknD-vpR7Uq6bsR

Getting better at data storytelling  Data Science Hangout  Theresa Ward, Blue Origin
https://youtu.be/mkRQGaX47uA&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTu3bUoyYknD-vpR7Uq6bsR

Getting buy-in to adopt new tools  Data Science Hangout  Paul Ditterline at Heaven Hill Brands
https://youtu.be/l3825QyCpbE&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTu3bUoyYknD-vpR7Uq6bsR

Getting Executives to Support Data Science  Data Science Hangout  Tori Oblad at WaFd Bank
https://youtu.be/YTNYjS_PeFs&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTu3bUoyYknD-vpR7Uq6bsR

Getting People Excited about Open Roles  Data Science Hangout  Ryan Garnett at Green Shield Canada
https://youtu.be/rCrKIioEO_Q&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTu3bUoyYknD-vpR7Uq6bsR

Getting People Invested in Data Science  Data Science Hangout  Merav Yuravlivker at Data Society
https://youtu.be/edF_lhoKszU&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTu3bUoyYknD-vpR7Uq6bsR

Human in the Loop  Data Science Hangout  Jarus Singh at Pandora
https://youtu.be/jyzmOBe4qKY&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTu3bUoyYknD-vpR7Uq6bsR

Increasing Data Literacy & Moving to Leadership  Data Science Hangout  Aliyah Wakil at Texas DSHS
https://youtu.be/G1NThC90ZF8&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTu3bUoyYknD-vpR7Uq6bsR

Infrastructure that Encourages Reproducibility  Data Science Hangout  Sep Dadsetan at ConcertAI
https://youtu.be/3BrmOHgP_XI&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTu3bUoyYknD-vpR7Uq6bsR

Inner Source to talk about open-source  Data Science Hangout  Zac Garland at Mastercard
https://youtu.be/A3JNPvjjHKk&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTu3bUoyYknD-vpR7Uq6bsR

Moving into leadership & managing a team  Data Science Hangout  Ian Anderson, Philadelphia Flyers
https://youtu.be/F15wEJrTVr8&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTu3bUoyYknD-vpR7Uq6bsR

Structuring teams to empower the business  Data Science Hangout  Jacqueline Nolis at Saturn Cloud
https://youtu.be/CcPE29bYGVo&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTu3bUoyYknD-vpR7Uq6bsR

Training a Team of Data Scientists  Data Science Hangout  Edgar Gallo at Daimler Trucks N. America
https://youtu.be/SyFcCTcERqo&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTu3bUoyYknD-vpR7Uq6bsR

Understanding the Impact of Data Science  Data Science Hangout  Frank Corrigan at Target
https://youtu.be/KBs4b3Q2n8Y&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTu3bUoyYknD-vpR7Uq6bsR

Unlocking Business Value with Data Science  Data Science Hangout  Moody Hadi at S&P Global
https://youtu.be/sWG7nIrLoHM&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTu3bUoyYknD-vpR7Uq6bsR

Using the Best Tool for the Job  Data Science Hangout  Bryan Butler at Eastern Bank
https://youtu.be/yaFGSme7lxk&list=PL9HYL-VRX0oTu3bUoyYknD-vpR7Uq6bsR
Videos 1-25