
Andrea Telatin - Conda install my-module - Lightning Talks - Day 2
https://youtu.be/zorouyVaGuE&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Artem Golubev - What is Autonomous Testing
https://youtu.be/CBkxgrFh0JI&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Bruce Gray - Refactoring and Readability Crouching Regex, Hidden Structures
https://youtu.be/wZZtrtoTjt4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Christopher Jack - Using Perl to parse terabytes of mission critical variable
https://youtu.be/43bGlQeBTS0&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Dimitrios Kechagias - Test2Aggregate Blazing fast unit tests & more
https://youtu.be/olH41BhFx6M&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

domm - Writing a good Dockerfile for Perl apps
https://youtu.be/ARpLPQWblAM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Doug Bell - Web Dev Generations
https://youtu.be/AXhosJLAeUs&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Fritz Zaucker - Yes YOU can ! - Lightning Talks - Day 1
https://youtu.be/r7JyximgP-k&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Graham Ollis - Perl + WebAssembly
https://youtu.be/T_o51JnI11U&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Hassiba 'Bennie' Bendali - Music and Software Management Skill Transfer
https://youtu.be/GzVxHk-RwN4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Hauke D - Data logging with Perl – for Science!
https://youtu.be/V0GKykOCPzM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

J.E. Turcotte - Min-Maxing your Diet wRaku - Lightning Talks - Day 1
https://youtu.be/iAUUb7QU51I&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

James Keenan - Further Adventures in QA for the Perl 5 Core Distribution
https://youtu.be/pmr9VYTTfiA&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Jim Bacon - Using Moo In Modulinos
https://youtu.be/Yuc-Fb_Y7Eo&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Joel Berger - Awaiting Mojolicious
https://youtu.be/I5xS2NcMzJU&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Kevin A. McGrail - A Cyber Security Expert's Guide to Secure Programming
https://youtu.be/wwMnPoW_uek&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Kevin McGrail - Talk to your Duck - Lightning Talks - Day 1
https://youtu.be/CzXbp1C5zKs&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Max Maischein - 80% now, 20% never - Lightning Talks - Day 2
https://youtu.be/Bh3q4tWUizc&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Max Maischein - My Private Weather
https://youtu.be/4TlwXS-hb-4&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Nigel Hamilton - #srcpans - Lightning Talks - Day 1
https://youtu.be/VS_IS_omAV8&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Opening  Perl Keynote Sawyer - Get better, not get by
https://youtu.be/6wPMh-3qYJM&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Vadim Belman - Asynchronously Parallelish Testing in Raku - Lightning Talks - Day 2
https://youtu.be/gMjZ3nBcGWs&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Will Braswell - The Perl Community Roadmap - Lightning Talks - Day 2
https://youtu.be/xS6FseHf3lo&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Zak Zebrowski - Perl on your iPhone - Lightning Talks - Day 1
https://youtu.be/3nGCNrHXuqQ&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu

Zakariyya Mughal - MSYS2 and You - Lightning Talks - Day 2
https://youtu.be/s43DLnzoYeg&list=PLA9_Hq3zhoFznY_cvm5iAbUZ9T6-6zbIu
Videos 1-25