
Alejandro Garcia - Python Gamedev MLG
https://youtu.be/PIcCsZ3Nk8I&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Alejandro Guirao Rodríguez - Extending and embedding Ansible with Python
https://youtu.be/qLoBHbVb0Fw&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Armin Rigo - The GIL is dead PyPy-STM
https://youtu.be/e8wUiGDDVno&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Brecht Machiels - RinohType, a document processor inspired by LaTeX
https://youtu.be/HLRQPZI4L5Y&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Claudiu Popa - 12 years of Pylint (or How I learned to stop worrying about bugs)
https://youtu.be/0jKbNpEjkhI&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Ekaterina Tuzova - NumPy vectorize your brain
https://youtu.be/wSsuggB6dCM&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Fabian Kreutz - TDD - the why, the how and the when not
https://youtu.be/NSkW26eUwKg&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Fabio PligerOier Beneitez - Welcome
https://youtu.be/NrLKOEhnb7w&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Fabrizio Romano - TDD is not about tests!
https://youtu.be/uWDNvWvlw7I&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Ignacio Elola - Everyone can do Data Science in Python
https://youtu.be/67SZeV1iSL4&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Igor Davydenko - Asyncio Stack & React.js or Development on the Edge
https://youtu.be/WCez3zbM2eU&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Jean-Philippe Caissy - Static type-checking is dead, long live static type-checking in Python!
https://youtu.be/xuY7qlDY6_s&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Jyrki Pulliainen - How-To Build a local Python community
https://youtu.be/BJ_1ROah-lI&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Max Tepkeev - Big Data with Python & Hadoop
https://youtu.be/ymJZri_-4qo&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Mikey Ariel - FOSS DOCS 101 (keep it simple, present!)
https://youtu.be/FopnpwK6ALw&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Ola SitarskaOla Sendecka - Keynote It's Dangerous To Go Alone, Take This The Power of a Community
https://youtu.be/DUgYznUfwyo&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Patrick Mühlbauer - Building nice command line interfaces - a look beyond the stdlib
https://youtu.be/BdQClprjdjU&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Paul Hallett - What it's really like building RESTful APIs with Django
https://youtu.be/NAr8XCPGLMM&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Peter Hoffmann - PySpark - Data processing in Python on top of Apache Spark.
https://youtu.be/ukW89Dbt5hk&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Raphael Pierzina - Come to the Dark Side! We have a whole bunch of Cookiecutters!
https://youtu.be/yxXio-jzAMQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Romain Guillebert - PyPy and the future of the Python ecosystem
https://youtu.be/Axm14JH8XlY&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Sebastian Buczyński - Distributed locks with Python and Redis
https://youtu.be/udhV84W3-Jg&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Takayuki Shimizukawa - Sphinx autodoc automated API documentation
https://youtu.be/mdtxHjH2wog&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Vincent Warmerdam - PySpark and Warcraft Data
https://youtu.be/AOwP2xq_ceE&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Vlad Temian - gitfs - building a filesystem in Python
https://youtu.be/LEJb1VZxRoE&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP
Videos 101-125