
# 67 AutoHotkey Podcast  How to make money selling software
https://youtu.be/oEVEaaHkSnY&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

#78 AutoHotkey Podcast How to automate your phone with AutoHotkey
https://youtu.be/-kpss_OeR_g&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

#80 AutoHotkey Podcast Click and Drag in BlueStacks Emulator part 1
https://youtu.be/ravOMFD-Zmw&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

#81 AutoHotkey Podcast  Click and Drag in BlueStacks part 2
https://youtu.be/BJe2Aw_CZEg&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

#83 AutoHotkey Podcast AutoHotkey mentorship  Improve your AutoHotkey programming skills today!
https://youtu.be/xDscU502QLE&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

75 AutoHotkey Podcast  Using alternatives to GitHub
https://youtu.be/W20WWTe8juY&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

77 AutoHotkey Podcast   Server verse Desktop automation
https://youtu.be/i9l-hNikjlU&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

Amazing AutoHotkey resources cheat sheet  74 great links to AHK topics
https://youtu.be/6sB2VFZt628&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

Announcing the 2020 AutoHotkey User Survey
https://youtu.be/iF9B8vdp98c&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

AutoHotkey Podcast 056 How Often do we need to Educate
https://youtu.be/OkyXkmn2GTg&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

AutoHotkey Podcast 057 Non Desktop Running Programs (cloud based)
https://youtu.be/_Ng8M82l9IQ&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

AutoHotkey Podcast 058 Are Programs Getting Harder To Automate
https://youtu.be/MdAHuBBpiVY&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

AutoHotkey Podcast 059 What are API Calls
https://youtu.be/qBO2zx-Ul_4&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

AutoHotkey Podcast 060 Automating Edge via ChromeClass
https://youtu.be/XdY0H8voHg0&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

AutoHotkey Podcast 061 Automating Citrix  Remote Desktop connections
https://youtu.be/6AulYMC_CYE&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

AutoHotkey Podcast 062 Updating  Fixing Automate my Task
https://youtu.be/NHphA27Z-10&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

AutoHotkey Podcast 063 GUI RPA software & Computer Knowledge in the workplace
https://youtu.be/lx8aPMqa08k&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

AutoHotkey Podcast 064 Controls in AutoHotkey
https://youtu.be/u72onlUaGmA&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

AutoHotkey Podcast 065 Rules on the AHK Forum regarding Hacking and Botting
https://youtu.be/kbTFNrXd4lE&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

AutoHotkey Podcast 068  Amazing ways to sell Software in 2021
https://youtu.be/wwB-5sFVfdA&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

AutoHotkey Podcast 070  Computer Vision DLL and Countour
https://youtu.be/cU1RYUTi_CE&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

AutoHotkey Podcast 071 Hierarchy of Competence
https://youtu.be/KsrQWHvUhg0&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

AutoHotkey Podcast 072  Areas of Interest in AutoHotkey programming
https://youtu.be/vkKMNjc29wc&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6

AutoHotkey Podcast 074  CyberU Rejection
https://youtu.be/cQP0pO1_lQU&list=PL3JprvrxlW26zhtqE1m2nu3Bcmshk17l6
Videos 76-100