
5 JVM languages in 50 minutes by Joe Kutner
https://youtu.be/7WYWiII2hNo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

5 things you can do with Maven in Eclipse other IDEs don't want you to know
https://youtu.be/Z5Hw_THFGDU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Adopting the right DevOps Tools for you and your team by Matt Makai
https://youtu.be/amOLdQnTNk4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Advanced ConstraintLayout by Nicolas Roard and John Hoford
https://youtu.be/yT22cqCGjQQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Against all odds, a cloudless smart home by  Kai Kreuzer
https://youtu.be/E3go5q6pgKk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Build & Manage Engineering Team by Mohammad Nazmuz Salehin
https://youtu.be/HPAIVDxWLAw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Building a private CICD pipeline with Java and Docker in the Cloud
https://youtu.be/sMvxauOLKLs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Debugging Java in Production on Google Cloud Platform by Patrick Flynn
https://youtu.be/tvfKmM4Esfo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Deploying Docker Containers with Netflix Spinnaker on Kubernetes and Titus
https://youtu.be/ySdqDGfEOHo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Developing Java Apps using Visual Studio Code by Gorkem Ercan and Fred Bricon
https://youtu.be/l96vUqfB3R4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Elasticsearch and Hibernate by Emmanuel Bernard
https://youtu.be/ufaI51o_7WI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Elm in production by Richard Feldman
https://youtu.be/XsNk5aOpqUc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Garbage First Garbage Collector by Monica Beckwith
https://youtu.be/Io8hEdm6haw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

HearingNest Art Experience by Stephen Chin and Aleksandr Kuznetcov
https://youtu.be/jGsf95b4w1g&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

JShell An Interactive Shell for the Java Platform by Robert Field
https://youtu.be/U4l666voq-c&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Kotlin 102 - Beyond the basics by Hadi Hariri
https://youtu.be/a7QpoMj2uIA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Making the most of Java SE with CDI 2.0 by John Ament
https://youtu.be/mXoH4DEIcLo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Modern Software Development with Haskell by Runar Bjarnason
https://youtu.be/IKm-YYPaohQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Raspberry Pi with Java 9 by Stephen Chin
https://youtu.be/lRzsBKUwhQQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Styling a design system based on Bootstrap 4 and Web Components by Andres Galante
https://youtu.be/mlSdqUods0A&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Taking Eclipse Che to the enterprise by Brad Micklea
https://youtu.be/xpG26GHbU4w&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

The Invocation Game by John Rose and Paul Sandoz
https://youtu.be/gkWSrdSEL4o&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Visual Programming for IoT by David Woodard
https://youtu.be/izl9MqXMFWE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

Watson and the Cognitive Developer by Sandhya Kapoor and Mehjabin Kapasi
https://youtu.be/jL-rtsEz2ok&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm

What are Observables and why should I care by Randall Koutnik
https://youtu.be/LgjVpPFGIQ4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqk90s0ogP_dcfM9T-y1DRm
Videos 126-150