
Advanced Modular Development by Mark Reinhold and Alan Bateman
https://youtu.be/WJHjKMIrbD0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Advanced Spring Data REST by Oliver Gierke
https://youtu.be/O8-Jm-QfDBA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Authentication and Authorization in a Cloud and Microservice World by Stefan Reuter and Thomas Kruse
https://youtu.be/g52hubmhUP4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Binge-streaming your Web API by Guillaume Laforge and Audrey Neveu
https://youtu.be/VT4xsDCeDxE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

CDI 2.0 is upon us by Antoine Sabot-Durand
https://youtu.be/o8rXCfXp8GA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Distributed Commit Logs with Apache Kafka by James Ward
https://youtu.be/ElilYxUOjOQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Djinni in a bottle - Easily share code between iOS and Android using C++ by Stephan Jaetzold
https://youtu.be/TXhLidEIxiI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Docker Security for Developers by Justin Cormack
https://youtu.be/XPcdYYI8A_A&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Ehcache out of his Element by Louis Jacomet
https://youtu.be/8hVgH8FLPcA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Feign in Action by Igor Laborie
https://youtu.be/kO3Zqk_6HV4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

From Monolithic App Server to Micro Profile App Server by  Alasdair Nottingham
https://youtu.be/w05Xri0V9ts&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Having fun with Robots using microservices on Docker and Kubernetes by Renze de Vries
https://youtu.be/Qo57xYCLzsc&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Introducing the MicroProfile by David Blevins, Andy Gumbrecht and Mike Croft
https://youtu.be/iG-XvoIfKtg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Javaslang - Functional Java Done Right by Grzegorz Piwowarek
https://youtu.be/gRJmpmYMHE0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Keynote Session by Cliff Click
https://youtu.be/oERlVYfLTn8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Machine Intelligence at Google Scale VisionSpeech API  by Guillaume Laforge
https://youtu.be/zqWt8oI4gEw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Machine Learning for Developers - Deep Dive by Danilo Poccia and Sebastien Stormacq
https://youtu.be/maRse8Mx1M8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Managing Cloud Native Applications with Kubernetes  by Ray Tsang, James Strachan and Amanda Waite
https://youtu.be/hvfr_g4sBWY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Microservices and the PaaS  A true (love) story by Gilles Stragier and Jef Verelst
https://youtu.be/f83bncVXPOY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

NoOps in the cloud by Constantijn Visinescu
https://youtu.be/ayHDMjeaVes&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Oops, I broke my API by Benoit Lagae and MichaÃ«l Demey
https://youtu.be/K2BjCPONlSs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Stupid REPL tricks - an introduction to Jshell for Java Developers by Pavel Rozenblioum
https://youtu.be/ZQXK4KnsIRs&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

Testing Legacy Code Elliotte by Rusty Harold
https://youtu.be/cjxXv0eifhY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

The end of polling  why and how to transform a REST API into a Data Streaming API by Audrey Neveu
https://youtu.be/NDDp7BiSad4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s

The ISS position in real time on my mobile in less than 15mn  Yes, we can. by Audrey Neveu
https://youtu.be/BekH3wxtRvU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVq_TvmCyJC3-oT9nBGdwq6s
Videos 126-150