
Approximate Functions with HDL-Optimized Lookup Tables
https://youtu.be/Vl0dBWn9CiI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Automate Scheduling with the Schedule Editor API
https://youtu.be/ifaOa1EV3Pk&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Build a Map and Localize a Vehicle from Lidar Data
https://youtu.be/aQboIGftYiY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Call C++ Libraries from MATLAB
https://youtu.be/fJCvGHfrSYA&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Component-Based Modeling in Simulink
https://youtu.be/fLVmzhCltHo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Customize Your Object Display
https://youtu.be/UZfaCIWZ7B4&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Data-Free Parameter Pruning and Quantization
https://youtu.be/4xhRcOvHxzY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Defining AUTOSAR Component Interfaces
https://youtu.be/nEUcoG9jZ_I&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Design and Deployment of an Automated Parking Valet on ROS and ROS2 Networks
https://youtu.be/xKyY7jK0GPw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Enforce Constraints for PID Controllers
https://youtu.be/SLM_yjMHw5o&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Estimate Phone Orientation Using Sensor Fusion
https://youtu.be/J-9Z3pMUrdI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

How to Automatically Detect Design Errors in Your Simulink Models
https://youtu.be/Jj5nlb0dA8c&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

How to Build a Linux Executable from an AUTOSAR Adaptive Model in Simulink
https://youtu.be/kjt3s1pqT7k&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

How to Import C Code into Simulink for Testing
https://youtu.be/atfO_3Wt2t8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

How to Use BERT Models for Natural Language Processing (NLP) Tasks in MATLAB
https://youtu.be/wqIyBTiKulA&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Improvements to Multiple Block and Line Editing
https://youtu.be/e6oRl3ZB5JA&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Material Classification Using Vibration Data and Machine Learning
https://youtu.be/P1D0VUbFsQY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

MATLAB Online Server â€“ Host MATLAB Online on Your Infrastructure
https://youtu.be/x1a82LH8cJs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Model Surgery in Action
https://youtu.be/rRcXcdvlx_E&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Performing Parametric Analysis with System Composer
https://youtu.be/Hrrr1gsoOXE&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Prototype FPGA Design on Hardware from the MATLAB Command Line
https://youtu.be/SBxVgySjg0Q&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Scheduling for AUTOSAR Architecture Models in Simulink
https://youtu.be/XnU91m-AMPk&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Shift Left with Polyspace Find Bugs as You Code
https://youtu.be/ui48-EW8jYs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Supercharge Your App Designer Apps with Your Own Custom UI Components
https://youtu.be/yWZEN9VhBXU&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ

Using MATLAB with Python
https://youtu.be/6Ji4vuJg2dw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oYesMXL23o6WN9A3ks05iJ
Videos 101-125