
Abhishek Sharma - Pythonist view on Microservices & Containerization
https://youtu.be/EYdHwSUckJA&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Alejandro Solano - Introduction to TensorFlow
https://youtu.be/02BnRq8H1rM&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Alessandro Pisa - Plone where is it today and where is it going
https://youtu.be/rVUhAZg16YY&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Anders Lehmann - Modelling pollution from traffic, using Smartphone data and Python
https://youtu.be/ChTeBV9spkQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Anna Ravenscroft - Overcoming Cognitive Bias
https://youtu.be/eC56hwmFCG8&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Antonio Del Mastro - Space weather monitoring for a virtual reality simulation
https://youtu.be/xgyGcOKsFgY&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Armin Rigo - PyPy meets Python 3 and Numpy
https://youtu.be/sS7ACBXWOm0&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Daniele Procida, Aisha Bello - The Encounter Python’s adventures in Africa
https://youtu.be/L2BEIhfwZgg&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Daniele Rapati - I don't like Mondays-what I learned about data engineering after 2 years on call
https://youtu.be/k8w_EMQQOiU&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Deep Kayal - Large-scale data extraction, structuring and matching using Python and Spark
https://youtu.be/eV23M0Jtsbw&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Emma Gordon - Python Bee
https://youtu.be/O-kFijWlO28&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Federico Marani - Feeding data to AWS Redshift with Airflow
https://youtu.be/0s6lmVbvoFo&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Fergal Walsh - Rethinking how we build HTTP APIs
https://youtu.be/qTHkNkgFJeg&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Guillem Duran Ballester - Inside Airbnb Visualizing data that includes geographic locations
https://youtu.be/JUErYqjf5Zw&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

H. Hain, S. Gramlich - From an old-school data managing company to data analytics with Python
https://youtu.be/dKEg7gMWFqo&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Hongjoo Lee - Deep Learning your Broadband Network @HOME
https://youtu.be/iasLRI30meA&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Ivan Smirnov - pybind11 - seamless operability between C++11 and Python
https://youtu.be/jQedHfF1Jfw&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Lightning Talks - 2017-07-14
https://youtu.be/M3dmJBaYCAY&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Magdalena Rother - Writing Awesome PyPI packages in Python
https://youtu.be/PKbNOivGJbQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Mark Smith - Pythonic Refactoring Protecting Your Users From Change
https://youtu.be/NNmyVqhgs_M&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Michele Simionato - Lessons learned in X years of parallel programming
https://youtu.be/kb2_No5tkgE&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Oliver Braun - Python and Angular, a perfect match
https://youtu.be/dVmFKXm3b0c&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Omar Gutiérrez - Introduction to Nonparametric Bayesian Models
https://youtu.be/JsBfZ3N34i4&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Simmi Mourya - Scientific computing  using Cython Best of both Worlds!
https://youtu.be/ZSHL5rkFDQQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh

Uzi Halaby Senerman - Pandas - not just for data scientists
https://youtu.be/7e_dmcKKQAM&list=PL8uoeex94UhG9QAoRICebFpeKK2M0Herh
Videos 126-150