
An exploration of Rugby Data using Python and Bayesian Statistics, Peadar Coyle
https://youtu.be/CSYzq8_IB3s&list=PLNeBS51Q0m99ud63wiwrPzbp6rwMqYprP

An introduction to GPU programming using Theano - Paul O'Grady
https://youtu.be/21yGNXhkmdo&list=PLNeBS51Q0m99ud63wiwrPzbp6rwMqYprP

An introduction to machine learning on small scale datasets, Conor Lynch
https://youtu.be/d5SpcE8lUZc&list=PLNeBS51Q0m99ud63wiwrPzbp6rwMqYprP

Analysing user behaviour - from histograms to random forests, David Brodigan
https://youtu.be/VY3YFYQLBA8&list=PLNeBS51Q0m99ud63wiwrPzbp6rwMqYprP

Build Infrastructure What It Is, Why You Need It, Na'Tosha Bard
https://youtu.be/Et2iXQiaSNM&list=PLNeBS51Q0m99ud63wiwrPzbp6rwMqYprP

Creating safe learning experiences for all of our community members - Juliana Arrighi
https://youtu.be/025XWvoq5vQ&list=PLNeBS51Q0m99ud63wiwrPzbp6rwMqYprP

Data analysis and visualisation in Python, Grazia D’Aversa
https://youtu.be/l9fgAgHTWCU&list=PLNeBS51Q0m99ud63wiwrPzbp6rwMqYprP

Django Tales and how the Django community can change lives - Anna Ossowski
https://youtu.be/6dMzq-4yFVg&list=PLNeBS51Q0m99ud63wiwrPzbp6rwMqYprP

Exploring our Python Interpreter - Stéphane Wirtel
https://youtu.be/2ocFsTtGyT4&list=PLNeBS51Q0m99ud63wiwrPzbp6rwMqYprP

Increase response rate with predictive analytics, Conor Duke
https://youtu.be/8SaFFQNBTh8&list=PLNeBS51Q0m99ud63wiwrPzbp6rwMqYprP

My 25 year lovehate relationship with databases, Paul Barry
https://youtu.be/_m4O8NwZC68&list=PLNeBS51Q0m99ud63wiwrPzbp6rwMqYprP

Probabilistic programming with Lea, Pierre Denis
https://youtu.be/UJylqfL8pxY&list=PLNeBS51Q0m99ud63wiwrPzbp6rwMqYprP

PyCon Ireland 2015 Opening Ceremony, Niamh Breslin
https://youtu.be/FKsPZCVxK5k&list=PLNeBS51Q0m99ud63wiwrPzbp6rwMqYprP

Python & PostgreSQL, a Wonderful Wedding - Stéphane Wirtel
https://youtu.be/e-0ZyyuJJ40&list=PLNeBS51Q0m99ud63wiwrPzbp6rwMqYprP

Python's Infamous GIL - Larry Hastings
https://youtu.be/sxMl4DsYgpw&list=PLNeBS51Q0m99ud63wiwrPzbp6rwMqYprP

Recruitment Session Pycon Ireland 2015
https://youtu.be/_zFLwa1MP-A&list=PLNeBS51Q0m99ud63wiwrPzbp6rwMqYprP

Redis, the new black - Jonathan Frawley
https://youtu.be/4kSYeMh78EE&list=PLNeBS51Q0m99ud63wiwrPzbp6rwMqYprP

Spark Distributed Computing - Leveraging the Functional Model, Johannes Ahlmann
https://youtu.be/f8cthzz4K5Q&list=PLNeBS51Q0m99ud63wiwrPzbp6rwMqYprP

Starting to Use the Jupyter Notebook - Steve Holden
https://youtu.be/1jknSk9cCLU&list=PLNeBS51Q0m99ud63wiwrPzbp6rwMqYprP

Test Driven Documentation, Nicolas Laurance
https://youtu.be/kgR6pEQDhNY&list=PLNeBS51Q0m99ud63wiwrPzbp6rwMqYprP

Turning what you wanted into what you got, David McIlwee
https://youtu.be/tmwSwxJ1YuE&list=PLNeBS51Q0m99ud63wiwrPzbp6rwMqYprP

Using MongoDB and Python for data analysis pipelines, Eoin Brazil
https://youtu.be/Mjbff6oPyhI&list=PLNeBS51Q0m99ud63wiwrPzbp6rwMqYprP

Using Python for data, Bence Faludi
https://youtu.be/ptpJFXGP81k&list=PLNeBS51Q0m99ud63wiwrPzbp6rwMqYprP

Using Python to access web service information to support machine learning, Hicham Rifai
https://youtu.be/j_nS9tJU0nc&list=PLNeBS51Q0m99ud63wiwrPzbp6rwMqYprP

What if those words don't mean what we think they mean - Daniele Procida
https://youtu.be/8Qt2RgXYDkw&list=PLNeBS51Q0m99ud63wiwrPzbp6rwMqYprP
Videos 1-25