
A Broad Look at Add ons in Construct 2 - with Kyatric
https://youtu.be/Lv070GJXfNU

Construct 2 Platformer Basics Platforms, Characters and Bullets - with Kyatric
https://youtu.be/Bufe5s9OuUE

Getting Started with Construct 2 Building Video Games (for free!) - with Kyatric
https://youtu.be/e6Lx1Sj9Mng

How to build an RPG-style Dialogue System Part 1 Let’s discuss - with Kyatric
https://youtu.be/YGW0M2Eo7d0

How to build an RPG-style dialogue system Part 2  - with Kyatric
https://youtu.be/BntLd2YUg4c

How to build an RPG-style dialogue system Part 3  - with Kyatric
https://youtu.be/ijBCGkJ4uMA

How to make another 2D Platform Game Part 1 Introducing Grotto - with John Maksym
https://youtu.be/sbFWIzVt2Cc

How to make another 2D Platform Game Part 2 Intro Scenes - with John Maksym
https://youtu.be/OYQboa8cEus

How to make another 2D Platform Game Part 3 Sprites and GUI - with John Maksym
https://youtu.be/g55iFnES5eE

How to make another 2D Platform Game Part 4 Sprite Animations - with John Maksym
https://youtu.be/KtzFxDxiQVU

How to make another 2D Platform Game Part 5 Level Building - with John Maksym
https://youtu.be/HCo33Gi8_tw

How to make another 2D Platform Game Part 6 Health & Pickups - with John Maksym
https://youtu.be/6ig9EKfU1X0

How to make another 2D Platform Game Part 7 Basic Inventory - with John Maksym
https://youtu.be/h-nMuxzf-ik

Let's Build a 'Simon Says' Game - with Kyatric
https://youtu.be/RTiCVoGfyk8

Let's Build a Dynamic Projectile System Part 1 - with Jerementor
https://youtu.be/PMJp9vPFqU0

Let's Build a Dynamic Projectile System Part 2 Knockback & Screenshake - with Jerementor
https://youtu.be/Zq3Y3tPZH_A

Let's Build a Dynamic Projectile System Part 3 Adding Sound Effects - with Jerementor
https://youtu.be/01bcrn6X75Y

Let's Build a HearthStone Clone Part 1 Introducing Dungeon Cards - with John Maksym
https://youtu.be/J8EXv_32XLU

Let's Build a HearthStone Clone Part 3 More Eventing! - with John Maksym
https://youtu.be/wup_gco_H-k

Let's Build a Shooting Game Part 1 Introducing the Shooting Gallery - with Kyatric
https://youtu.be/86EcygmONRY

Let's Build a Shooting Game Part 2 Bullseye! - With Kyatric
https://youtu.be/-gOiEzQ6Mek

Let's Build a Top Down Space Shooter Part 2 - with John Maksym
https://youtu.be/4UFUzjYM14o

Let’s Build a HearthStone Clone Part 2 Eventing - With John Maksym
https://youtu.be/pcZjW2VOuoU

Playing with Physics Making games like Angry Birds - with Kyatric
https://youtu.be/iG2tfWn475s

Using Construct 2 to make HTML5 Adverts - with Jerementor
https://youtu.be/bPAszeUI8hc
Videos 151-175