
1. How to make a 2D Game - Unity 4.3 Tutorial
https://youtu.be/yQXdREL4GGg&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

1. MAKE a GAME Basics (Unity)
https://youtu.be/g5QFW12utdU&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

10. Unity Tutorial, SCORE - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/p9Uk9Ngyqaw&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

11. Unity Tutorial, SOUND - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/xafs9uljpqE&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

12. Unity Tutorial, GRAPHICS - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/pF5KSTBPy4Y&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

2. How to make a 2D Game - Unity 4.3 Tutorial
https://youtu.be/hCysoAoV3dc&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

3. How to make a 2D Game - Unity 4.3 Tutorial
https://youtu.be/rlLMwNI53Oo&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

31 Games in 31 Days - An Interview
https://youtu.be/a24wTFzg_Ys&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

31A Unity Tutorial, Melee & Switching - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/eNk8WlM_Ubk&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

31B. Unity Tutorial, New Melee - Create a Survival Game
https://youtu.be/P-lYXB1bhls&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

3A. Jumping - MAKE A GAME (Unity)
https://youtu.be/PazLGgeFkHI&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

3B. Camera - MAKE A GAME (Unity)
https://youtu.be/m8VPHAs0F8w&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

4. How to make a 2D Game - Unity 4.3 Tutorial
https://youtu.be/_jwicKUEnhg&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

4. Level Design - MAKE A GAME (Unity)
https://youtu.be/o0iaD_Li5xk&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

5. How to make a 2D Game - Unity 4.3 Tutorial
https://youtu.be/WztRaOtNQbI&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

5. Shadows & Respawn - MAKE A GAME (Unity)
https://youtu.be/atyG6XfU3aI&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

6. How to make a 2D Game - Unity 4.3 Tutorial
https://youtu.be/yQ1NLb59k3U&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

6. Quality Settings - MAKE A GAME (Unity)
https://youtu.be/kq1HsljPzLc&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

7. Unity Tutorial, COLLECTIBLES - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/1zF2W8JxFK4&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

8. Unity Tutorial, ANIMATION - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/gQRCK0znUzo&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

9. Unity Tutorial, PARTICLES - MAKE A GAME
https://youtu.be/f6s9RO8pZZc&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Pixel Art - Photoshop Tutorial
https://youtu.be/hFZBUWHVSrM&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Pixel Speed Art (Photoshop)
https://youtu.be/ivhxr2qijrY&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Private video
https://youtu.be/E_Lqfm8fono&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA

Unity INVENTORY System MAKING ITEMS (Free Asset)
https://youtu.be/tIhk3wTydyY&list=FLYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA
Videos 376-400