
Python Basics Dictionary pt  2
https://youtu.be/tDySJkWtrUQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Dictionary pt  3
https://youtu.be/RDUZo9RzSQs&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Dictionary
https://youtu.be/n-qDYceBRd0&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics For Loop with List
https://youtu.be/3p-eT-Vsqec&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Grid
https://youtu.be/G49EH3t8w8Q&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Guessing Game pt  2
https://youtu.be/QXAA5kNvvEo&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Guessing Game
https://youtu.be/0ZmbhprSOXs&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics How to Find Any Prime Number  nth Prime Number
https://youtu.be/rH9VFA7cHN4&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Increment Strings
https://youtu.be/c9XtGWxi70I&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Len with For Loop with Break
https://youtu.be/fekSpfbHlEg&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Len with while loop
https://youtu.be/2DR0pTV6VAw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Lower Denominator
https://youtu.be/BwxRsgwsmVQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Lowest Common Denominator (LCD)
https://youtu.be/yoPxYHDI4XQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics M.I.T Chicken Nugget Problem
https://youtu.be/-pbB8mz3rOo&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Nested For loop
https://youtu.be/LMmPuS07-f4&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Number Diamond
https://youtu.be/_g3LZp_uE7I&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Number Pyramid
https://youtu.be/1j-ae5zEHdQ&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Number Triangle
https://youtu.be/DZIXvjDvFOE&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Prime Numbers  Pt. 2 The Better way
https://youtu.be/joPlhzYCzpw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Prime Numbers
https://youtu.be/4CMHEQjjgqo&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Reverse Number Triangle Formated
https://youtu.be/4YzOAfAkDKE&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Reverse Number Triangle
https://youtu.be/KeB50dZTxKw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics String Value Using a Dictionary
https://youtu.be/UPpz08tKINA&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Times Table
https://youtu.be/I6_dnsCNDS8&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU

Python Basics Using Variables with Range Function
https://youtu.be/UNDgaqJstD4&list=PLaYT64KWZAEOKKTsIUaeilwTLSI-ArhAU
Videos 1-25