
Python Basics 1 Year of One Video per Day
https://youtu.be/CIrHNV-hX5E&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics 2 Years Old
https://youtu.be/ILaUfi_ssaw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics 2K Views Random Seed
https://youtu.be/qjc4Bd0FpH4&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Built in Filter Function
https://youtu.be/l81i_uY4Bv8&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Built in Float Function
https://youtu.be/ceFVDnQ6ruk&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Fileinput Intro
https://youtu.be/8XQ9PDQwKFw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Intro Pickle Module
https://youtu.be/SMv2xMM3JEM&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Intro Pygame Mixer Module
https://youtu.be/cLblKNSmMJA&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Matplotlib Suptitle Method
https://youtu.be/112enLljpwA&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics New Video Schedule
https://youtu.be/mmXERjpfS0M&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Numpy and Random Tricks
https://youtu.be/HeWms5qZY8g&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Numpy Array Flatten Method
https://youtu.be/qTJM-IurfDc&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Pandas DataFrame Groupby Method
https://youtu.be/y9oFL0EHlz0&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Pandas DataFrame Sort Values Method
https://youtu.be/I50PNhY14DA&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Pickle Dump Method
https://youtu.be/2CEb3ImCn-g&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Pygame Border
https://youtu.be/YIM8TkWiCNc&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Pygame Bouncing Ball
https://youtu.be/zaVJV8zIli4&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Pyplot Multiple Plot Titles
https://youtu.be/qKmRpa7qOKU&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Re Findall Email Addresses
https://youtu.be/wPjPm7XHOVs&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Re or Character
https://youtu.be/3M4JW6Z1x6U&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics RelativeAbsolute Paths
https://youtu.be/YUhEuupmdCw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Sys Exit Method
https://youtu.be/BKMJebr5xjI&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Tkinter Tk Mainloop Method
https://youtu.be/blcPB5JGSWw&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics Tkinter Window Title and Size
https://youtu.be/VaJkXDvEz-c&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp

Python Basics What is a Delimiter
https://youtu.be/sSDqPmNht_g&list=PLaYT64KWZAEPieeX7nqtHDFFthbz--Wlp
Videos 26-50