
#310 AMA (Ask Me Anything) with Michael - Talk Python Live Stream
https://youtu.be/SkS0mLyg3nc&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

asyncio all the things with Omnilib - Talk Python #304 live stream
https://youtu.be/z1CrWUoxmv4&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Awesome FastAPI Awesome List with Michael Herman
https://youtu.be/hgDEPySOG_s&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Code Carbon Calculate and visualize code's C02 impact - Talk Python Live Stream
https://youtu.be/cvYUosFIqpk&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Deploying Django web applications (episode 301)
https://youtu.be/9SmY2b1EwwY&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Docker for Python Developers (2021 Edition) - Talk Python Live Stream
https://youtu.be/65uD5hInyck&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Flask 2.0 - Talk Python To Me podcast episode
https://youtu.be/G54QyX_lWo8&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Get inside the .git folder - Talk Python live stream
https://youtu.be/gdY_RpY2oyU&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Python and Flask at the US Federal Election Commission - Talk Python Live Stream
https://youtu.be/cfrUF-UGehk&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Python Apps that Scale to Billions of Users - Talk Python Live Stream
https://youtu.be/MEyxf7fOoxg&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Python community at Python Discord - Talk Python 305
https://youtu.be/HFUJ-FrJYOE&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Python for Astronomy with Dr. Becky - Talk Python Live Stream
https://youtu.be/sBuhTRXhc7s&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Python from 1994 to 2021, my how you've grown - live stream
https://youtu.be/-ff1rSf4Yjs&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Python in the Electrical Energy Sector - Talk Python Live Stream
https://youtu.be/J7EfYvDupe0&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Scaling Python and Jupyter with ZeroMQ - Talk Python #306
https://youtu.be/AIq4fO5t_ks&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Talk Python + Pydantic Live Stream
https://youtu.be/3S8QZeHCbAI&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Talk Python Building a Data Science Startup
https://youtu.be/xV-asqgKaL4&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Talk Python To Me - 2020 Year in Review Episode
https://youtu.be/rOsA4iDyiAI&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

The Data Engineering Landscape in 2021 - Talk Python Live Stream
https://youtu.be/D0Z6ZsNNeJs&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

Typosquatting and Supply Chains Vulnerabilities - Talk Python #319 Live Stream
https://youtu.be/GVPSni21_Z0&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_

What Machine Learning Can Teach Us About Life 7 Lessons - Talk Python Live Stream
https://youtu.be/EE1u1dbPZWQ&list=PLJa4b8U-H1eqHnIVHlhBjjOhH6v9FK3U_
Videos 101-121