
Python Basics Fibonacci Numbers
https://youtu.be/8WKl8qDzJA4

Python Basics How to find the Powerball Lottery Odds
https://youtu.be/98ELH8jj9Qs

Python Basics List Remove Method
https://youtu.be/Os2R4txWnzQ

Python Basics Math Module Factorial Method
https://youtu.be/sXPMKQCvvAA

Python Basics Math Module Pi Value
https://youtu.be/nhdF1vHFRr4

Python Basics Monty Hall Odds Pt  2
https://youtu.be/IGQw2qwyTUA

Python Basics Monty Hall Odds Pt  3
https://youtu.be/o9XLyc3WWoI

Python Basics Monty Hall OddsPt  1
https://youtu.be/8mbor291w2E

Python Basics Nested Functions
https://youtu.be/oFbVxObOyEc

Python Basics Packing and Unpacking
https://youtu.be/ElK1sCg79zo

Python Basics Pythagorean Theorem
https://youtu.be/fvoNZ5SmRdc

Python Basics Random Choice
https://youtu.be/2NCyNTCjL3k

Python Basics Scope Built-in or Global Variables
https://youtu.be/XI9HhuP6u2o

Python Basics Scope Local and Global Variables
https://youtu.be/D18izsX-IPM

Python Basics Scope Nonlocal Variables
https://youtu.be/OaoswUojMqE

Python Basics String Endswith Method
https://youtu.be/io5XB5ru0-Q

Python Basics String Format Phone Number
https://youtu.be/nUrSDdVTol0

Python Basics String Method Join
https://youtu.be/qMfUyDsbDMg

Python Basics String Startswith Method
https://youtu.be/5BdFgG62yoE

Python Basics String Tab and New line
https://youtu.be/1oIodRrMRsE

Python Basics Time List comprehension and for loops
https://youtu.be/D0UEwoMTq28

Python Basics Time Module
https://youtu.be/2_psoPwyEuE

Python Basics Tip Calculator
https://youtu.be/XVPz9CDga2M

Python Basics Try and Except
https://youtu.be/s7f4fs0Png8

Python Basics Tutorial Random Seed Method  Data Science Building Block
https://youtu.be/mZiwtDYrpO8
Videos 826-850