
Adding MSW to an existing real world project (for automated tests)
https://youtu.be/I12XIJax5_o&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgJCEkMlsqXea6OIF_uV_ub

How I run remote workshops
https://youtu.be/4RjXHY3w0Jg&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgJCEkMlsqXea6OIF_uV_ub

How to get the bookshelf app setup
https://youtu.be/8p-0aTkoD14&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgJCEkMlsqXea6OIF_uV_ub

Livestream Adding Tailwindcss to my Bookshelf app (Part 2)
https://youtu.be/4SDPofcAte8&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgJCEkMlsqXea6OIF_uV_ub

Livestream Adding Tailwindcss to my Bookshelf app
https://youtu.be/CFJvYbmYQZ8&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgJCEkMlsqXea6OIF_uV_ub

Livestream Deploying Netlify Functions with Gatsby Cloud
https://youtu.be/_iL_dpTWK4Y&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgJCEkMlsqXea6OIF_uV_ub

Livestream Editing Videos
https://youtu.be/IMe0s8QjJtw&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgJCEkMlsqXea6OIF_uV_ub

Livestream Further improvements to the bookshelf app
https://youtu.be/u3z0_U4KSWc&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgJCEkMlsqXea6OIF_uV_ub

Livestream Integration testing a React App
https://youtu.be/pcFUAvoqiaQ&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgJCEkMlsqXea6OIF_uV_ub

Livestream Making TailwindCSS work in unejected create-react-app
https://youtu.be/PG5T6gF3VQ4&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgJCEkMlsqXea6OIF_uV_ub

Livestream Refactoring to react-query
https://youtu.be/eEKn8UJfYgc&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgJCEkMlsqXea6OIF_uV_ub

Livestream Releasing a major version of Testing Library
https://youtu.be/yWgASj2cUrg&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgJCEkMlsqXea6OIF_uV_ub

Livestream Releasing the next major version of Testing Library
https://youtu.be/-DGUq6DyvfU&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgJCEkMlsqXea6OIF_uV_ub

Livestream Super Hacks for Automation
https://youtu.be/wPeViYH_DnY&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgJCEkMlsqXea6OIF_uV_ub

Livestream TailwindCSS + EmotionCSS via twin.macro
https://youtu.be/Z8yQxfJ3jVE&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgJCEkMlsqXea6OIF_uV_ub

Livestream Working on Open Source
https://youtu.be/rYlD6j_43EI&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgJCEkMlsqXea6OIF_uV_ub

Livestream Working on React Workshop App
https://youtu.be/9Dcj-OrsIc8&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgJCEkMlsqXea6OIF_uV_ub

Livestream Writing a blog post about testing hooks
https://youtu.be/S3nzPTVddNs&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgJCEkMlsqXea6OIF_uV_ub

Livestream Writing blog post about babel-plugin-transform-async-to-promises
https://youtu.be/1YyZe4RMxzw&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgJCEkMlsqXea6OIF_uV_ub

Livestream Writing my first State Machine
https://youtu.be/NrIeWzCUsnE&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgJCEkMlsqXea6OIF_uV_ub

Livestream Writing tests for a React app
https://youtu.be/knQR1oHMQFA&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgJCEkMlsqXea6OIF_uV_ub

Memoizing downshift useCombobox callbacks with useCallback
https://youtu.be/UG3B5wjPuG0&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgJCEkMlsqXea6OIF_uV_ub

Modernizing user-event
https://youtu.be/wybjB4eQNBI&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgJCEkMlsqXea6OIF_uV_ub

Trying out react-virtual (replacing react-window)
https://youtu.be/h-9eqKgGruA&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgJCEkMlsqXea6OIF_uV_ub

Working on Testing Library and Epic React
https://youtu.be/Otisvzk-Oq0&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgJCEkMlsqXea6OIF_uV_ub
Videos 1-25