
Adrian M√∂nnich - useFlask() - or how to use a React frontend for your Flask app
https://youtu.be/r0_n9d9x97Y&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Alessandro Molina - Python Standard Library, The Hidden Gems
https://youtu.be/fhn0p8uS788&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Alexys Jacob - How we run GraphQL APIs in production on our Kubernetes cluster
https://youtu.be/pLPWSR0lKAg&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Andrei Neagu - Better WebSockets - Server-Sent Events, a carefree alternative
https://youtu.be/oKOcBXTyHCM&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Andrey Vlasovskikh - The Story of Features Coming in Python 3.8 and Beyond
https://youtu.be/xUXsIDtlv9s&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Clinton Roy - Running a Synchrotron on Open Source Python
https://youtu.be/kFixTiYGWfk&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Danny Engelbarts - And now for something completely different.
https://youtu.be/uI6fmAuOjc8&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Dmitry Figol - Optimizing Docker builds for Python applications
https://youtu.be/eRzMJuwuYpU&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Dustin Ingram - Google Cloud for Pythonistas
https://youtu.be/68_SNVi3fkI&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Europython 2019 - Morning Announcements on Friday, July 12
https://youtu.be/DyYa09ft1z8&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Grzegorz Kocjan - Don't start with a database
https://youtu.be/ypgJkISlbLM&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Holger Krekel - Delta Chat, CFFI, pytest and all the Rust
https://youtu.be/prfgtpdeoNA&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Ivana Kellyerova - import bacon ü•ì
https://youtu.be/JCmPa42rov4&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Jan Wagner - Docker meets Python - A look on the Docker SDK for Python
https://youtu.be/SMv2iLwf3tU&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Justin Mayer - Zen of Python Dependency Management
https://youtu.be/asL0dbN6pAY&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Lennart Regebro - Moving big projects to Python 3
https://youtu.be/jFO1IYEulJM&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Lynn Root - Advanced asyncio Solving Real-world Production Problems
https://youtu.be/sW76-pRkZk8&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Max Humber - How to read (code)
https://youtu.be/6BdveiyuAYQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Peter Bittner - Modern Continuous Delivery for Python Developers
https://youtu.be/MC30D_sVD6Y&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Peter Sperl - Configuring uWSGI for Production The defaults are all wrong
https://youtu.be/p6R1h2Nn468&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Pierre Glaser - Parallel computing in Python Current state and recent advances
https://youtu.be/UVL4LFy8ch0&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Radomir Dopieralski - Game Development with CircuitPython
https://youtu.be/3lACaWE9h7M&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Radoslav Georgiev - Software patterns for productive teams
https://youtu.be/fEy68VRmOeQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

Wojciech RzƒÖsa - From HTTP to Kafka-based microservices
https://youtu.be/YsQ7Ps0qH7k&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW

≈Åukasz KƒÖkol - Code review for Beginners and Experts Tips & Tricks
https://youtu.be/6JdSrGWodY0&list=PL8uoeex94UhHFRew8gzfFJHIpRFWyY4YW
Videos 101-125