
Distracting Enemy AIs
https://youtu.be/td9C4dlQ61c&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

Upcoming Chapter 9 Friendly and Enemy AI
https://youtu.be/ydlgd_Rohjc&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[144] NPC AI Introduction - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/LmkUVZrQVpA&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[145] Enemy NPC Prefab - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/0LwUwSHJn8g&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[146] NPC Master - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/YsnyrEATSDA&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[147] NPC State Scripts - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/J4sneroW6Kg&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[148] NPC State Pattern 1 - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/gWDIBNnMufM&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[149] NPC State Pattern 2 - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/2l-YssKUnqE&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[150] NPC State Patrol - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/sUed8-xmyiA&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[151] NPC State Alert - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/ChvF2m1vXr4&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[152] NPC State Pursue - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/vVdV2SH1bIw&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[153] NPC State Flee - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/dXJgvNuGRXQ&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[154] NPC State Follow - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/yjEJ3ExTKXk&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[155] NPC State Melee Attack - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/zIfxstifiJY&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[156] NPC State Range Attack - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/NBS-9FD4vCg&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[157] NPC State Struck - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/G42nyq6aWsI&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[158] NPC State Investigate Harm - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/NstNua-LiZ4&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[159] NPC Animations - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/ExOvaiMnlbA&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[160] Edit Golem Controller - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/_DWQ3fOuWms&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[161] NPC Health - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/mIUebhkXeyg&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[162] Improve NPC State Melee Attack - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/o9AqSAW-w1k&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[163] NPC Turn Off Animator - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/yAV73ND-qog&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[164] NPC Turn Off Nav Mesh Agent - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/V7yBfGEKw9M&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[165] NPC Turn Off State Pattern - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/AkG_Ph31c2g&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[166] NPC Take Damage - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/5Ib8MwjCUP8&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5
Videos 151-175