
Lecture 10 Destructor in C++ Part 1
https://youtu.be/_P1YRBOtioE

Lecture 11 Operator overloading in C++ Part 1 Hindi
https://youtu.be/bxSFAmzH8ps

Lecture 11 Operator Overloading in C++ Part 2 Hindi
https://youtu.be/HH5olQfQiRM

Lecture 12 Friend Function in C++ Part 1Hindi
https://youtu.be/r7TefKf6NWs

Lecture 12 Friend Function in C++ Part 2 Hindi
https://youtu.be/irNjJ1vB2YE

Lecture 2 Identifiers Part 2 hindi
https://youtu.be/vQnMuUw5liU

Lecture 3 Input output Part 1 hindi
https://youtu.be/HujTzAI2vgk

Lecture 4 Reference Variables in C++ Part 1 hindi
https://youtu.be/Zl-JLUOuyGI

Lecture 5 Function in C++ Part 1 hindi
https://youtu.be/I3aXj4_Zu-E

Lecture 5 Function in C++ Part 2 hindi
https://youtu.be/w1yQFJ5EqhU

Lecture 5 Function in C++ Part 3 hindi
https://youtu.be/9fJW67TRuak

Lecture 5 Functions in C++ Part 4 Hindi
https://youtu.be/_VnQCw_FzWs

Lecture 6 Structure in C++ Part 1 Hindi
https://youtu.be/gB07c4FBgDI

Lecture 6 Structure in C++ Part 2 Hindi
https://youtu.be/s2JrbgbUm_0

Lecture 6 Structure in C++ Part 3 Hindi
https://youtu.be/_YL3AVswvFc

Lecture 6 Structure in C++ Part 4 Hindi
https://youtu.be/ksMhgamwIes

Lecture 6 Structure in C++ part 5 Hindi
https://youtu.be/JTNlO8qwESw

Lecture 7 Classes and Objects in  C++ Part 1 Hindi
https://youtu.be/EHlS220qNwI

Lecture 7 Classes and Objects in C++ Part 2 Hindi
https://youtu.be/4CMKICwgC0M

Lecture 7 Classes and Objects in C++ Part 3 Hindi
https://youtu.be/GbysUdjjZ10

Lecture 8 Static Members in C++ Part 1 Hindi
https://youtu.be/9EHYiO1p3bs

Lecture 8 Static Members in C++ Part 2 Hindi
https://youtu.be/TEEbs6WaC3s

Lecture 9 Constructor in C++ Part 1 Hindi
https://youtu.be/Et8rgvXXVBk

Lecture 9 Constructor in C++ Part 2 Hind
https://youtu.be/ivcP0qXizes

Lecture 9 Constructor in C++ Part 3 Hindi
https://youtu.be/6MZr5e-SUxM
Videos 76-100