
Pandas with Python 2.7 Part 1 - Downloading and dependencies
https://youtu.be/qtQh2C5dzRo

Pandas with Python 2.7 Part 10 - Function Mapping
https://youtu.be/-jpk4p750Q4

Pandas with Python 2.7 Part 2 - Terminology
https://youtu.be/LUDiWiZ3bbw

Pandas with Python 2.7 Part 3 - Reading from and saving to CSV
https://youtu.be/pkNJdko-9zI

Pandas with Python 2.7 Part 4 - CSV column manipulation
https://youtu.be/hcqpwrCDOco

Pandas with Python 2.7 Part 5 - Column Operations (Math, moving averages)
https://youtu.be/NBrLb2w6ed8

Pandas with Python 2.7 Part 6 - Data visualization with Matplotlib
https://youtu.be/pt85jGDGFtU

Pandas with Python 2.7 Part 7 - 3D Matplotlib Graphs
https://youtu.be/wfTABU8VeoY

Pandas with Python 2.7 Part 8 - Standard Deviation
https://youtu.be/iFZscnDwcbw

Pandas with Python 2.7 Part 9 - Statistical Information
https://youtu.be/ktyW-4o1vAM

Python 3 Programming Tutorial -  cx freeze python to exe
https://youtu.be/GSoOwSqTSrs

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - ftplib FTP transfers Python
https://youtu.be/QVyAeM12wVY

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Matplotlib Graphing Intro
https://youtu.be/H72jSxkLQHQ

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Matplotlib Labels and titles
https://youtu.be/B06l-lGU-0Q

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Matplotlib legends
https://youtu.be/X4_LraGY_VQ

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Matplotlib plotting from a CSV
https://youtu.be/MNLmQJtCCZY

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Matplotlib Styles
https://youtu.be/sCaGYsEYy-k

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Scatter plots and bar charts
https://youtu.be/MAMu8wawNo8

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Sockets Binding and listening
https://youtu.be/Q1a12QFq3os

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Sockets intro
https://youtu.be/wzrGwor2veQ

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Sockets simple port scanner
https://youtu.be/szm3camsf8k

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Subprocess module
https://youtu.be/5XU-mAZVv4w

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Threaded port scanner
https://youtu.be/icE6PR19C0Y

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Threading module
https://youtu.be/NwH0HvMI4EA

Python 3 Programming Tutorial - Tkinter adding images and text
https://youtu.be/a1Y5e-aGPQ4
Videos 801-825