
[8-bit Glory Spanish]Ice Climber - 01 introducci√≥n
https://youtu.be/RENn4R-f0Dg

[8-bit Glory Spanish]Ice Climber - 02 Movimiento y rompiendo el hielo
https://youtu.be/SlaKxZCmGow

[8-bit Glory Spanish]Ice Climber - 03 Animaciones
https://youtu.be/rsvrAOHW6po

[8-bit Glory Spanish]Ice Climber - 04 Enemigos
https://youtu.be/KRGoa3YHNVE

[8-bit Glory Spanish]Ice Climber - 05 Reparando el hielo
https://youtu.be/LcCivVPJQzM

[8-bit Glory Spanish]Ice Climber - 06 Colisiones
https://youtu.be/IIAqRp4seYI

[8-bit Glory]Ice Climber - 01 Intro
https://youtu.be/Yr-QIUmQmXA

[8-bit Glory]Ice Climber - 02 Movement & Breaking Ice
https://youtu.be/nXccFmT9NKE

[8-bit Glory]Ice Climber - 03 Animations
https://youtu.be/3qsETlQDkPM

[8-bit Glory]Ice Climber - 04 Enemies
https://youtu.be/LB7HeJbCoqk

[8-bit Glory]Ice Climber - 05 Repairing Ice Blocks
https://youtu.be/qAtx0jjxgu8

[8-bit Glory]Ice Climber - 06 Collisions
https://youtu.be/YoHBBO9yIWA

[8-bit Glory]Ice Climber - 07 Respawning & Hit Animations
https://youtu.be/SN0DaVb1Nb0

[Classic Mechanics]Cheats 002 - Construct2
https://youtu.be/vgYmi_mhtEQ

[Classic Mechanics]Cheats 006 - Construct2
https://youtu.be/Z6KMYuTy88g

[Classic Mechanics]Cheats 008 - Construct2
https://youtu.be/bMASePZFPEE

[Classic Mechanics]Lunar Lander - 01 Intro
https://youtu.be/YM0bfi5b5HE

[Classic Mechanics]Lunar Lander - 02 Space Module
https://youtu.be/1wELW4360rs

[Classic Mechanics]Lunar Lander - 03 Variable Speed
https://youtu.be/X6rw2jezjSM

[Classic Mechanics]Lunar Lander - 04 Fuel,GUI&Gravity
https://youtu.be/MrjbxxVWAKc

[Classic Mechanics]Lunar Lander - 05 Collisions&GameOver
https://youtu.be/yxl0mdZWx9w

[Classic Mechanics]Lunar Lander - 06 Landing Zones
https://youtu.be/ViqOe6z0UKw

[Classic Mechanics]Lunar Lander - 07 Score Evaluation
https://youtu.be/xdR9JkQiCDM

[My Projects]Beat'Em Up  Platformer - Test 06 Demo
https://youtu.be/c2VMLqqFm1s

[My Projects]Beat'em Up  Platformer TEMPLATE AVAILABLE
https://youtu.be/69j6w3LT970
Videos 76-100