
GTGD S3 Why my Steam store page looks the way it does
https://youtu.be/hV41cNxAPSU&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

Upcoming Chapter 8 Melee Weapons - GTGD S3
https://youtu.be/bNkifO321qc&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[121] Destructible Sound - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/xs89cOb5dcY&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[122] Destructible Collision Detection - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/HdHiUtX4mVw&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[123] Destructible Low Health Effect - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/7R901gZx4lw&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[124] Destructible Degenerate - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/WAujk0RXoW8&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[125] Destructible Player Inventory Update - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/X__NFgvxUpw&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[126] Scorpion81 Fracture - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/engBu7oE0u4&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[127] Destructible Activate Shards - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/FCZj2jipDbQ&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[128] Item Drop - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/x2u6Tk2TRCQ&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[129] Item Transparency - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/vWu1JVYTx6s&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[130] Item Set Rotation - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/VVGBqR2DUfo&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[131] Pocket Hut Part 1 - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/MMGRCFiFxhk&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[132] Pocket Hut Part 2 - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/FsxzDeA-g6A&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[133] Pocket Hut Part 3 - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/Si_ymvkFby0&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[134] Intro To Chapter 8 - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/djhpZD-WP-Y&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[135] Setup Crowbar - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/QxOKhZ1XVhA&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[136] Crowbar Animation - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/KrsgSCfnpdA&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[137] Melee Master - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/OLTJMelSIF8&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[138] Melee Standard Input - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/NXeEvKLP5yY&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[139] Melee Swing - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/hUoOMpY9EXY&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[140] Melee Strike - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/jSyS5mM0yvA&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[141] Melee Reset - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/k1IvOdwJy7E&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[142] Melee Hit Effects - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/NvuBZa2ycHs&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5

[143] Melee Sound - How To Make A Game
https://youtu.be/vAluBrnIiZI&list=PLwyZdDTyvucwjwqucleVQB7U12H2JPvg5
Videos 126-150