
A Primer on Prefect - Raul Maldonado
https://youtu.be/gr4qKgxvszQ&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Anvil, the Web, and the Perils of Abstraction - Meredyd Luff
https://youtu.be/LWlHnBRgy3c&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Benjy Weinberger - How the Pants build system leverages Python 3 features
https://youtu.be/mLyW6oAExW0&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Building An API With FastAPI and Deta - Josh Grant
https://youtu.be/VTmLMpbITPU&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Building Data Analytical Tools for Services - Shubhi Asthana
https://youtu.be/CNSeeVqVV_M&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Building your first REST API with AWSâ€™s Open Data Sets and Chalice - Christian Weber
https://youtu.be/VKUoL3IL3-w&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Dave Briccetti -  RoomHelper 3000 Demo A Webapp to Manage a Class of Students in a Computer Lab
https://youtu.be/4UHt_yRxyKY&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Dean Wampler - Ray Scalability from a Laptop to a Cluster
https://youtu.be/yGWIzRR82DI&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Demystifying Flask's Application and Request Contexts with Pytest - Patrick Kennedy
https://youtu.be/90nMybVBI9s&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

DIY Data Science using COVID data sources - Nitin Borwankar
https://youtu.be/fK9Ati-5IOc&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Docker for Data Science - Aly Sivji
https://youtu.be/tuYgEv40s7A&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Doug Purcell - How to Unlock the Power of Randomization to Create Intriguing Scripts in Python
https://youtu.be/D7BN6wt2qZo&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Empowering your Analytic Engineering with DBT -  Raul Maldonado
https://youtu.be/5eGRWjliWzI&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

How to Automate Your Workflows in Slack Using Python - Kyle Campbell
https://youtu.be/6OfR6p_j2A0&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Introduction to alter_recipes A collection of ready-made statistical graphics - Antonio Piccolboni
https://youtu.be/Xy-iMeyUhT8&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Isaac Evans - Good to the Last Drop Writing Robust Flask Apps
https://youtu.be/cxkW235MOm0&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Lightning Talk - Disrupting the Thesaurus with Data Science - Ben Aaron
https://youtu.be/SB0qja2hdww&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Lightning Talk Building an Automated Trading Bot - Larry Kubin
https://youtu.be/s9SbrFtQFzA&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Lightning Talk Cross Cultural NLP project same Mouse different culture - Justin Huang
https://youtu.be/5QeQhPaiyKs&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Oso An open-source policy engine for authorization - Sam Scott
https://youtu.be/UsigUU1wu8w&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

PySpark Combining Machine Learning & Big Data - Avon Roy
https://youtu.be/rgVJYLF7egE&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Svetlana Levitan - Open Standards for Machine Learning Model Deployment
https://youtu.be/Eje0BkhDz8g&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Three ways to test S3 in Python - Sanjay Siddhanti
https://youtu.be/D5Ab3dM2CFU&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

Traversing GraphQL with ease using Ariadneb - Daniel Pyrathon
https://youtu.be/Nn4NR28cb-g&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i

You Are Unique and We Can Tell By your Gait - John Whaley
https://youtu.be/sUQtgi_BmSA&list=PL85KuAjbN_gtLMS9sT4XWLQkbm4gz1n1i
Videos 26-50