
3D Game Maker Tutorial #1 - Basics
https://youtu.be/kcRKqNugO-8&list=PLpqC0k5enSh8ubHyoMkj6OYvY4WLdblsJ

3D Game Maker Tutorial #10 - split screen tank game
https://youtu.be/jK21hdL7nuA&list=PLpqC0k5enSh8ubHyoMkj6OYvY4WLdblsJ

3D Game Maker Tutorial #11 - 3D Mouse Checking
https://youtu.be/cIEjakUOpvQ&list=PLpqC0k5enSh8ubHyoMkj6OYvY4WLdblsJ

3D Game Maker Tutorial #12 - Easiest 3D Ever!
https://youtu.be/eE6hHQu2UYE&list=PLpqC0k5enSh8ubHyoMkj6OYvY4WLdblsJ

3D Game Maker Tutorial #13 - 3D Animation
https://youtu.be/r33_0GoDpYA&list=PLpqC0k5enSh8ubHyoMkj6OYvY4WLdblsJ

3D Game Maker Tutorial #14 - Runescape Movement
https://youtu.be/Q9TMzRkfnOw&list=PLpqC0k5enSh8ubHyoMkj6OYvY4WLdblsJ

3D Game Maker Tutorial #15 - 3D GM Physics #1
https://youtu.be/Smkf8zy92R8&list=PLpqC0k5enSh8ubHyoMkj6OYvY4WLdblsJ

3D Game Maker Tutorial #16 - 3D GM Physics #2
https://youtu.be/KtPN9vILoZs&list=PLpqC0k5enSh8ubHyoMkj6OYvY4WLdblsJ

3D Game Maker Tutorial #17 - Model Viewer
https://youtu.be/FuWzUwx_uNI&list=PLpqC0k5enSh8ubHyoMkj6OYvY4WLdblsJ

3D Game Maker Tutorial #18 - Easiest 3D Ever Update
https://youtu.be/nBhMFVDkQiA&list=PLpqC0k5enSh8ubHyoMkj6OYvY4WLdblsJ

3D Game Maker Tutorial #19 - Model Making
https://youtu.be/wr96H1KD6U0&list=PLpqC0k5enSh8ubHyoMkj6OYvY4WLdblsJ

3D Game Maker Tutorial #2 - Adding Objects
https://youtu.be/EZv8XxA6x50&list=PLpqC0k5enSh8ubHyoMkj6OYvY4WLdblsJ

3D Game Maker Tutorial #3 - Adding Shapes
https://youtu.be/9led-GHhck0&list=PLpqC0k5enSh8ubHyoMkj6OYvY4WLdblsJ

3D Game Maker Tutorial #4 - Third Person View
https://youtu.be/H7GBGec_2qM&list=PLpqC0k5enSh8ubHyoMkj6OYvY4WLdblsJ

3D Game Maker Tutorial #5 - Loading External Models
https://youtu.be/DdK3P85XgoM&list=PLpqC0k5enSh8ubHyoMkj6OYvY4WLdblsJ

3D Game Maker Tutorial #6 - Terrain
https://youtu.be/Z5SwMQN0sxw&list=PLpqC0k5enSh8ubHyoMkj6OYvY4WLdblsJ

3D Game Maker Tutorial #7 - Jumping
https://youtu.be/S_9emzFs1ao&list=PLpqC0k5enSh8ubHyoMkj6OYvY4WLdblsJ

3D Game Maker Tutorial #8 - Loading External Models the Fast Way
https://youtu.be/Nw7JMI1iDjk&list=PLpqC0k5enSh8ubHyoMkj6OYvY4WLdblsJ

3D Game Maker Tutorial #9 - third person view with Mouse
https://youtu.be/rO5-kwlQ4YY&list=PLpqC0k5enSh8ubHyoMkj6OYvY4WLdblsJ

Game Maker 3D Tutorial Starter
https://youtu.be/b7JSN9e3rP4&list=PLpqC0k5enSh8ubHyoMkj6OYvY4WLdblsJ

Game Maker 8 - 3D Tutorial Level Model Upgrade
https://youtu.be/Ey-8zapUgXM&list=PLpqC0k5enSh8ubHyoMkj6OYvY4WLdblsJ

Game Maker 8 - 3D Tutorial Levels
https://youtu.be/iBr1V-SX00g&list=PLpqC0k5enSh8ubHyoMkj6OYvY4WLdblsJ

Game Maker 8 - 3D Tutorial Scope Zooming
https://youtu.be/g54je1lhmco&list=PLpqC0k5enSh8ubHyoMkj6OYvY4WLdblsJ

Game Maker 8 - 3D Tutorial Shooting
https://youtu.be/XNzk4HJxp8k&list=PLpqC0k5enSh8ubHyoMkj6OYvY4WLdblsJ

Game Maker 8 - 3D Tutorial
https://youtu.be/0Jo0JEEukhc&list=PLpqC0k5enSh8ubHyoMkj6OYvY4WLdblsJ
Videos 1-25