
Access Items from a List in Python (Indexing, Slicing) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/PGFTd62n6KM&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Add and Update Values from a List in Python (Append, Extend, Insert) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/90JgvsiGBpk&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

BREAK in Python FOR Loops (+ Exercise) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/OySER3BIFNU&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

BREAK in Python WHILE Loops - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/bikEMZMlpHE&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Conditional Statements in Python (IF, ELIF, ELSE) - Definition - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/l073_MJzcVE&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

CONTINUE in Python FOR Loops - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/4AwA7Wq2xRI&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

CONTINUE in Python WHILE Loops - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/uXNyT4SrV4U&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

ELIF Statements in Python (IF, ELIF, ELSE) - Conditional Statements - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/0suZveuAzHI&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

ELSE in Python FOR Loops - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/rVZ-L4fFBUI&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

ELSE in Python WHILE Loops - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/4V2UnWYkpgw&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

FOR Loops in Python Definition & Syntax - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/F-ZlGI6JRKg&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Function ENUMERATE in Python (FOR Loops with Indexes) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/Iwfr7bbIj9s&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Function RANGE in Python (FOR Loops) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/aBUsQ56LlzQ&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

How to create a List in Python - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/HJHDHZzkyYc&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Identity Operators in Python (IS, IS NOT) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/wCwlR8nJksI&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

IF ELSE Statements in Python - Conditional Statements in Python - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/c9fJFLeWma8&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

IF Statements in Python - Conditional Statements in Python - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/2d_u2fQqQq4&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Infinite WHILE Loops in Python - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/WL6uRp51RaU&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Lists in Python Definition, Syntax & Declaration - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/ukVg17XoHxQ&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Membership Operators in Python (IN, NOT IN) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/Dolk322HIqI&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Nested FOR Loops in Python (Loop in Loop) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/Js8K5kdIHIo&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Nested IF Statements in Python - Conditional Statements in Python - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/8yfDIv6lCQM&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Operator Precedence in Python (Priority and Order) - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/oVfXq3jv750&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

Ternary Operators in Python (One-Line IF) - Conditional Statements - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/RzK7HoWdKcQ&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z

WHILE Loops in Python Definition & Syntax - Python Tutorial for Beginners
https://youtu.be/OMtveCgOFfk&list=PLNnG2akFozlJepwOJfCV9RNPNbllHmV3z
Videos 51-75