
13 Hours The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi Official Trailer #1 (2016) - John Krasinski Thriller HD


20th Century Women Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Annette Bening Movie
https://youtu.be/jOky3Yd9K7Q&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

A Man Called Ove Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Rolf Lassg√•rd Movie
https://youtu.be/oCh4iiAXuAc&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Allied Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Brad Pitt Movie
https://youtu.be/Jlp94-C31cY&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Arrival Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Amy Adams Movie
https://youtu.be/AMgyWT075KY&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Best Foreign Language Mashup (2017) - Oscar-Nominated Movies
https://youtu.be/zgXFtwyQrpg&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Best Picture Mashup (2017) - Oscar Nominee Mashup HD
https://youtu.be/YPScOyvEreg&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Captain Fantastic Official Trailer #1 (2016) - Viggo Mortensen, Kathryn Hahn Movie HD
https://youtu.be/DHJuC8U8CHU&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Deepwater Horizon Official Trailer #1 (2016) - Mark Wahlberg, Kate Hudson Movie HD
https://youtu.be/H_PzWohHz30&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Doctor Strange Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Benedict Cumberbatch Movie
https://youtu.be/h7gvFravm4A&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Elle Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Paul Verhoeven Movie
https://youtu.be/NPktWQUQzfQ&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Official Comic-Con Trailer (2016) - Eddie Redmayne Movie


Fences Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Denzel Washington Movie
https://youtu.be/vylWibtgdbU&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Fire at Sea Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Documentary
https://youtu.be/qR5l9XDaxK0&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Florence Foster Jenkins Official Trailer #1 (2016) - Meryl Streep, Hugh Grant Movie HD
https://youtu.be/HszfdNS0JSc&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Hacksaw Ridge Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Andrew Garfield Movie
https://youtu.be/sslCRVx7nPQ&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Hail, Caesar! Official Trailer #1 (2016) - Scarlett Johansson, Channing Tatum Movie HD
https://youtu.be/JRqKieJzCeo&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Hell or High Water Official Trailer #1 (2016) - Chris Pine, Ben Foster Movie HD
https://youtu.be/j9zwMQN_Yig&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Hidden Figures Official Trailer 1 (2017) - Taraji P. Henson Movie
https://youtu.be/8EiZe6WONWY&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

I Am Not Your Negro Official Trailer 1 (2016) - James Baldwin Documentary
https://youtu.be/8ol9Tf39jh8&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Jackie Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Natalie Portman Movie
https://youtu.be/7cdzT05HpS4&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Kubo and the Two Strings Official Trailer #1 (2015) - Rooney Mara, Charlize Theron Animated Movie HD


La La Land Official Trailer - Dreamers (2016) - Ryan Gosling Movie
https://youtu.be/lu4RHvouJH8&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Land of Mine Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Roland Moller Movie
https://youtu.be/4Kao3t0NBMU&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Life, Animated Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Owen Suskind Documentary HD
https://youtu.be/4n7fosK9UyY&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Lion Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Dev Patel Movie
https://youtu.be/-RNI9o06vqo&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Loving Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Joel Edgerton Movie
https://youtu.be/zRXuCY7tRgk&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Manchester by the Sea Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Casey Affleck Movie
https://youtu.be/gsVoD0pTge0&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Moana Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Dwayne Johnson Movie
https://youtu.be/L14tkEbOMzY&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Moonlight Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Mahershala Ali Movie
https://youtu.be/5fYFIj16YC0&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

My Life as a Zucchini Official Trailer 1 (2017) - Gaspard Schlatter Movie
https://youtu.be/el5aaskX-Hk&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Nocturnal Animals Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Jake Gyllenhaal Movie
https://youtu.be/-H1Ii1LjyFU&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Oscar Nominated Shorts Trailer (2017)  Movieclips Trailers
https://youtu.be/i0dp5wPvi8E&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Passengers Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Jennifer Lawrence Movie
https://youtu.be/yVXQq2u6OP0&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Private video
https://youtu.be/MFcO7IO7MlM&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Silence Official Trailer 1 (2017) -  Andrew Garfield Movie
https://youtu.be/TcNKM4TI41E&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Star Trek Beyond Official Trailer #1 (2016) - Chris Pine, Zachary Quinto Action HD
https://youtu.be/sml23ogwy4w&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Suicide Squad Official Trailer #1 (2016) - Jared Leto, Margot Robbie Movie HD
https://youtu.be/mMb-RrhTxIE&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Sully Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Tom Hanks Movie
https://youtu.be/3kDjUSnYDsw&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Tanna Official Trailer 1 (2017) - Martin Butler Movie
https://youtu.be/Tb3Vslnviwo&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

The Jungle Book Official Super Bowl Trailer (2016) - Scarlett Johansson, Bill Murray Movie HD
https://youtu.be/WtR9tqPa48s&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

The Lobster Official Trailer #1 (2016) -  Jacqueline Abrahams, Roger Ashton-Griffiths Movie HD
https://youtu.be/vU29VfayDMw&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

The Salesman Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Taraneh Alidoosti Movie
https://youtu.be/QTMm-h60pdM&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Toni Erdmann Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Peter Simonischek Movie
https://youtu.be/onqrtFCPYCk&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Trolls Official Trailer 1 (2016) - Justin Timberlake Movie
https://youtu.be/PXrm5eU6HtY&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR

Zootopia Official Trailer #2 (2016) - Disney Animated Movie HD
https://youtu.be/lvEzTjuM81A&list=PLScC8g4bqD46U-cYym_oWIMjmjYNAzFYR
Oscar Nominated Films (2017)