
Adriano Petrich - Yak shaving a good place to eat using non negative matrix factorization
https://youtu.be/E8433onmm0k&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Alexander Hendorf - Data Analysis and Map-Reduce with mongoDB and pymongo
https://youtu.be/O_pzz5X0s04&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Alvaro Aguirre - Easy FullStack Deployments
https://youtu.be/2l1w5NguN18&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Antonin Lacombe - From basic distance search to a complex multi criteria search
https://youtu.be/wnearKj0Iqc&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Carrie Anne Philbin - Keynote Designed for Education A Python Solution
https://youtu.be/_gU7sfTrz4c&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Cosmin Poieana - Argus - the omniscient CI
https://youtu.be/wtrJ2OzJ7zE&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

David Arcos - Python in the Sky In-Flight Entertainment with Python
https://youtu.be/Aw4uT0Fi_QY&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Filipe Ximenes - What is wrong with API wrappers and how can we do better
https://youtu.be/McMb8ZFfMXk&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Floris Bruynooghe - The hook-based plugin architecture of py.test
https://youtu.be/zZsNPDfOoHU&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Iwan Vosloo - Reahl The Python-only web framework
https://youtu.be/xjKRJHaRQ0Y&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Mandy Waite - Keynote So, I have all these Docker containers, now what
https://youtu.be/cxI0dIn1n2E&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Marc-Andr√© Lemburg - Python idioms to help you write good code
https://youtu.be/goS8qerBlBA&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Matt Bennett - Nameko for Microservices
https://youtu.be/S-utpUpaGqQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Pablo Enfedaque - Decorators demystified
https://youtu.be/tgjY7kPxiog&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Pablo Seminario - The Salt Route
https://youtu.be/ER08WwJMjm8&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Shane Evans - Web Scraping Best Practises
https://youtu.be/GzNDcmWHuuE&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Stefan Baerisch - A Deep Look at Logging
https://youtu.be/IxGibdRaC2I&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Stefan Behnel - Get native with Cython
https://youtu.be/pOeaQQxsCiI&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Valerio Maggio - Machine Learning Under Test
https://youtu.be/PrdLvyEFYLg&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Various speakers - Lightning Talks, conference closing
https://youtu.be/7frMhSob8sE&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Various speakers - Lightning Talks
https://youtu.be/nofEnPqj0cE&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP

Various speakers - Recruiting sponsors presentation
https://youtu.be/ct-ytiyZzkw&list=PL8uoeex94UhGGUH0mFb-StlZ1WYGWiJfP
Videos 76-100