
11 SIGNS of a SPIRITUAL AWAKENING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOw239i0F_k

14 Things that Help  Intense Kundalini
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIrnC-G41X0

20 Things I Wish I Had Known At The Start Of My Spiritual Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2NvdfKprrPU

20 Ways To Help You Through Intense Triggers CPTSD symptoms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8uUBGqrpYM

2019 Ascension Symptoms   Soulful Toz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AIrgZpgv9Q

4 Ways to Release Emotional Blocks From Sacral & Root Chakra  Healing Pelvic Trauma
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LemW82yb874

4.5 Years In the Kundalini Awakening Process  Phases & Symptoms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gnhnv4z2IAo

9 Things i've learned about CHILDHOOD TRAUMA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c5i4Wx6hqjc

9 Things I've learned about SEXUALITY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tMyrxggOnm0

9 Ways We May Be HINDERING the Masculine  Healing Divine Masculine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eku6VlEZHPA

Absorbing TOO MUCH energy  Empath Burnout
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpU7eGT4lj0

Am I Connected To the Pleiadians
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZ9ZEeFuQnQ

ANGER & How To Release It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ODnBt0GJmw

Anxiety & Fear   Spiritual awakening symptom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W3LNVmXTcw8

Are these bad  (Antidepressants, alcohol, tv...)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Db9kRgEolk

Attachment Fears in Romantic Relationships
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBnXTQJP5Uo

Bad Habits  After a Kundalini Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m166FHjRT9A

Books That Have Healed Me  Soulful Toz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdgEbGqHCWE

Changes in Libido   Kundalini Symptom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=02k1Wi42xG0

Coming out of the Spiritual Closet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-8fSGK_rPU

Crown Chakra  Craig Holliday Interview  Part 7
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-ViAgDXGDY

Dealing with Family & Friends  Spiritual awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4w35-w4wJTc

Doubting Yourself  Your Decisions & Spiritual Experiences
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Oyg1u4V8w8

EL DESPERTAR ESPIRITUAL  Introduccion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yc-goYnQh5w

Energetic Blockages  Kundalini Kriyas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-OHHmEwNVk

Feeling Stuck  May  2017 Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yQ6s33PjTE

Going Overboard With Healing Trauma Titration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dx8xP94EwSE

Heart Chakra  Craig Holliday Interview  Part 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yJ1oJYHU4hw

HEIGHTENED SENSITIVITY    Spiritual Awakening Symptom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CH52B_kwk84

How Long Does KUNDALINI Take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xk-4WZow35g

How My Kundalini Awoke  The Story  Soulful Toz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xurrSBep8is

How to FEEL your pain  Shadow Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4AkWDu3qaoY

How to get UNSTUCK  Awakening Symptom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Z8jurhYwU0

How to help someone who is spiritually awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_vkSLtqVPUA

How to INTEGRATE after EMOTIONAL WORK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cts4oIE9U3g

How To Move Through FEAR & Into Safety  Ventral vagal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0auemXpGZ8

How To Set Boundaries As An Empath
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xb1tklK-jCE

How To Take Care Of Yourself in a DEEP DEPRESSION  Realistic Self-Care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HFfxXh9ALCo

I answer your questions (Q & A)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DoPqrWhXPxw

I stopped being a vegetarian  My diet struggles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A5JhaIc0trM

I'm in another death cycle  shedding of the ego
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBSnzzkZ9B8

I'm still in the darkness & Broken Mirroring  Vulnerability Series
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=la-UArzegFk

January 2018 Energy Update   Romantic Love  Breathing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMTlZoctCEg

Kriyas & Releasing Trauma Energetically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_SHZjgVrhBU

Kundalini Energy Flow Update  April 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dReSiZB2fyU

Kundalini Energy Flow Update  February  2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdfyoHG07qs

Kundalini Energy Interview   Soulful Toz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckICSORb1j8

Kundalini Energy Update  July 2017   Vegetarianism & Returning To Normal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ht5lQ7QfFZI

Kundalini Energy Update  November 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IC_WVSAaKEI

Kundalini Symptoms  How To Deal with Them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LcHCKa40kXg

LOSING THE MAGIC  Awakening Symptom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YoIN4rCevrM

Losing your Sense of Self  The Void
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YH4hTEudd3g

May 2018  Energy Update Stepping into physicality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rubb1EYcmug

Meet My SOCIAL ANXIETY  Vulnerability Series
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qPrdCSWZ_zY

MORNING GROUNDING MEDITATION  Soulful Toz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GwcLOClHt18

My Daily Spiritual Routine  Productive Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bW86nRbgKPo

My Dark Night of the Soul  Spiritual Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ETGyM9V_wU

My December 2019 Energy Update  Emotional Shutdown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bh78cZFuUms

My experience at an emotional release workshop  Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emhFC6rDcG8

My experience at an emotional release workshop  Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXSdpFnGBlk

My fear of aging   Vulnerability Series
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWLpWv4w1vk

My First Time Channelling an Energetic Transmission
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAPrSEe435Q

My Journey Into Relationship  FEAR OF INTIMACY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8p7DK7DccHM

My Kundalini Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M173e6xnkUA

My struggle with Erythrophobia  Fear of Blushing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfrQ5A1nKtI

NEW Ascension Symptoms  2020  Soulful Toz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aIhDUTQznhQ

Q&A- Dark nightAwakening symptoms Past lives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biJYXNZ4_9I

Quitting Coffee  What Changed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xU06mw7e5Yc

Receiving Emotional Release Bodywork with Pat Jackman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tmh_jfa69M

Receiving Emotional Release Bodywork
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VEvjFi4v_EI

Receiving SPIRITUAL DOWNLOADS   Soulful Toz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SrpPrSnAF-8

Root chakra  Craig Holliday Interview  Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_1SfT7yC5w

Sacral Chakra   Craig Holliday Interview  Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dC-8yxltoeE

Sacral Chakra  YONI healing & Pleasure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytzijJQfKX8

San Pedro Cactus  My First Experience  Soulful Toz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5BSVIwwQUc

Sharing Your GIFTS  Spiritual Awakening Symptom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=woAsSXv4UDU

SOCIAL ANXIETY  My Story  Soulful Toz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rT8VtTe6GJo

Solar Plexus Chakra  Craig Holliday Interview  Part 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elvoYLzbwJU

Spiritual Evolution & Kundalini w CRAIG HOLLIDAY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAJO1J9N9Ek

Spiritual Weight Gain & Body Image
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjB5zORm9wI

Strange, Dark & Obsessive thoughts  Awakening Symptom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7N5ztTLRUc

Taking Care Of Myself During My Kundalini Awakening  Vlog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2M88WyjJtc

Taking Your Spiritual Awakening Too Seriously   Playfulness & Fun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8KGLtWs3hM

The Beauty in my Erythrophobia & Blushing Trauma
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-OzRMPWlN4

The BEST Ways To Work With Your INNER CHILD  Healing Attachment Trauma & Co-dependency
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Umn2ihIdHmI

THE BODY  The Key to Spiritual Awareness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2Pwebplcuw

The challenges of healing in ISOLATION
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ZmpcSA3eiQ

The END of my relationship & Navigating heartbreak & Attachment Injury
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLrEvSsCjx8

The Frustrations of a Spiritual Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRIndgMhri8

The Integration Process & Fatigue  Spiritual Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEDkBklSiDI

The Turning Point In The Healing Of My Trauma
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqZTCBP2qnE

Third Eye Chakra  Craig Holliday Interview  Part 6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnIKd-NFnUM

This Mercury Retrograde Is Intense
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91WTdSR1qdk

Throat Chakra  Craig Holliday Interview  Part 5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJmAE9KSbU4

virtual Emotional Release w Pat Jackman  Child Abandonment Trauma
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjMd4f2x7QQ

Watch This If You Are Feeling Shame
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKAibp0KHOQ

What An Integration Day Looks Like   Spiritual Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWM7jI5_B7g

What have I gained from my Spiritual Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGlmabSNWU4

What IS Kundalini  Soulful Toz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4GQ6F8jZm8g

What is on the OTHER SIDE of healing after an awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aouSGA00XSk

What Stage of the Awakening am I In  Question & Answer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXsl2_4cIoQ

When you Trigger your Shadow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z900s9Zl0WQ

WHY you go through the Dark Night of the Soul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6WGu-X68zI

Working a job during an AWAKENING  Soulful Toz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q47QfTg1BS0
Soulful Toz - Videos