
Learn Swift - Solutions for the Programming Challenges
https://youtu.be/wpRlKzNS5Y4&list=PLMRqhzcHGw1ZqzYnpIuQAn2rcjhOtbqGX

Learn Swift for Beginners - Ep 10 - Classes Part 2 - Inheritance
https://youtu.be/CnvlxNC6FlQ&list=PLMRqhzcHGw1ZqzYnpIuQAn2rcjhOtbqGX

Learn Swift for Beginners - Ep 11 - UIKit
https://youtu.be/tHjMdmFlGBo&list=PLMRqhzcHGw1ZqzYnpIuQAn2rcjhOtbqGX

Learn Swift for Beginners - Ep 12 - Initializers
https://youtu.be/6GvxKCGcZC4&list=PLMRqhzcHGw1ZqzYnpIuQAn2rcjhOtbqGX

Learn Swift for Beginners - Ep 13 - Optionals
https://youtu.be/uT2IHQpE3ms&list=PLMRqhzcHGw1ZqzYnpIuQAn2rcjhOtbqGX

Learn Swift for Beginners - Ep 14 - Properties
https://youtu.be/kmET5JcKcx8&list=PLMRqhzcHGw1ZqzYnpIuQAn2rcjhOtbqGX

Learn Swift for Beginners - Ep 15 - Initializers Part 2 (Designated and Convenience Initializers)
https://youtu.be/LUlQTmf1Iek&list=PLMRqhzcHGw1ZqzYnpIuQAn2rcjhOtbqGX

Learn Swift for Beginners - Ep 16 - Arrays
https://youtu.be/RFYDvYXsrxQ&list=PLMRqhzcHGw1ZqzYnpIuQAn2rcjhOtbqGX

Learn Swift for Beginners - Ep 17 - Dictionaries
https://youtu.be/7srt4mMA3Qw&list=PLMRqhzcHGw1ZqzYnpIuQAn2rcjhOtbqGX

Learn Swift for Beginners - Ep 2 - Data Types
https://youtu.be/BlXrMgmvNBI&list=PLMRqhzcHGw1ZqzYnpIuQAn2rcjhOtbqGX

Learn Swift for Beginners - Ep 3 - If Statements
https://youtu.be/z_4JuCD0mz8&list=PLMRqhzcHGw1ZqzYnpIuQAn2rcjhOtbqGX

Learn Swift for Beginners - Ep 4 - Switch Statements
https://youtu.be/PZEWRDbSn6c&list=PLMRqhzcHGw1ZqzYnpIuQAn2rcjhOtbqGX

Learn Swift for Beginners - Ep 5 - Loops Part 1
https://youtu.be/vxyrLbmm9Oo&list=PLMRqhzcHGw1ZqzYnpIuQAn2rcjhOtbqGX

Learn Swift for Beginners - Ep 6 - Loops Part 2
https://youtu.be/XDJXLw0Y3Hs&list=PLMRqhzcHGw1ZqzYnpIuQAn2rcjhOtbqGX

Learn Swift for Beginners - Ep 7 - Functions Part 1
https://youtu.be/2kwyQ5w00Uc&list=PLMRqhzcHGw1ZqzYnpIuQAn2rcjhOtbqGX

Learn Swift for Beginners - Ep 8 - Functions Part 2
https://youtu.be/jNiBS0bxVQQ&list=PLMRqhzcHGw1ZqzYnpIuQAn2rcjhOtbqGX

Learn Swift for Beginners - Ep 9 - Classes Part 1
https://youtu.be/ZDzdz52tex4&list=PLMRqhzcHGw1ZqzYnpIuQAn2rcjhOtbqGX

Learn Swift for Beginners - Programming Challenges
https://youtu.be/U4hGXWKfYy0&list=PLMRqhzcHGw1ZqzYnpIuQAn2rcjhOtbqGX

Learn Swift for Beginners Lesson 1 - Variables (Swift 5 compatible)
https://youtu.be/2OZ07fklur8&list=PLMRqhzcHGw1ZqzYnpIuQAn2rcjhOtbqGX

Swift for Windows (2018) - Learn Swift In Your Browser!
https://youtu.be/7rIjwmgDBjE&list=PLMRqhzcHGw1ZqzYnpIuQAn2rcjhOtbqGX
Learn Swift