
Approximate Functions with HDL-Optimized Lookup Tables
https://youtu.be/Vl0dBWn9CiI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oZJeTRLJEHfSBvKCXmy9OI

Automate Testing for UAV Obstacle Avoidance
https://youtu.be/lvYRSjcZqoA&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oZJeTRLJEHfSBvKCXmy9OI

Build a Map and Localize a Vehicle from Lidar Data
https://youtu.be/aQboIGftYiY&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oZJeTRLJEHfSBvKCXmy9OI

Data Labeling with Ground Truth Labeler App
https://youtu.be/JH0I9NCZPDQ&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oZJeTRLJEHfSBvKCXmy9OI

Design and Deployment of an Automated Parking Valet on ROS and ROS2 Networks
https://youtu.be/xKyY7jK0GPw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oZJeTRLJEHfSBvKCXmy9OI

Driving Scenarios and Virtual Sensors for Automated Driving
https://youtu.be/flI5P5wV2Yw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oZJeTRLJEHfSBvKCXmy9OI

Enforce Constraints for PID Controllers
https://youtu.be/SLM_yjMHw5o&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oZJeTRLJEHfSBvKCXmy9OI

Estimate Phone Orientation Using Sensor Fusion
https://youtu.be/J-9Z3pMUrdI&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oZJeTRLJEHfSBvKCXmy9OI

How to Import C Code into Simulink for Testing
https://youtu.be/atfO_3Wt2t8&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oZJeTRLJEHfSBvKCXmy9OI

Lidar SLAM for Automated Driving
https://youtu.be/n4tazoEcBGo&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oZJeTRLJEHfSBvKCXmy9OI

MATLAB Online Server â€“ Host MATLAB Online on Your Infrastructure
https://youtu.be/x1a82LH8cJs&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oZJeTRLJEHfSBvKCXmy9OI

Model Predictive Control in ADAS
https://youtu.be/AMArJPrlkhA&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oZJeTRLJEHfSBvKCXmy9OI

Multi-Object Tracking for Autonomous Vehicles
https://youtu.be/dh9x58FYK3M&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oZJeTRLJEHfSBvKCXmy9OI

Performing Parametric Analysis with System Composer
https://youtu.be/Hrrr1gsoOXE&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oZJeTRLJEHfSBvKCXmy9OI

Prototype FPGA Design on Hardware from the MATLAB Command Line
https://youtu.be/SBxVgySjg0Q&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oZJeTRLJEHfSBvKCXmy9OI

Scheduling for AUTOSAR Architecture Models in Simulink
https://youtu.be/XnU91m-AMPk&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oZJeTRLJEHfSBvKCXmy9OI

Simulink for Virtual Vehicle Development
https://youtu.be/4lg44WudZLE&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oZJeTRLJEHfSBvKCXmy9OI

Stereo Visual SLAM for Automated Driving
https://youtu.be/Hdf50OGwgrg&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oZJeTRLJEHfSBvKCXmy9OI

UAV Toolbox Highlights Autonomous Flight for UAVs and Drones
https://youtu.be/iXTvqo1uiGQ&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oZJeTRLJEHfSBvKCXmy9OI

Using MATLAB with Python
https://youtu.be/6Ji4vuJg2dw&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oZJeTRLJEHfSBvKCXmy9OI

Visual SLAM for Automated Driving
https://youtu.be/941vnWuIrJk&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oZJeTRLJEHfSBvKCXmy9OI

Visualize Your Code with Class Diagrams in MATLAB
https://youtu.be/LRJNIOdpuaA&list=PLn8PRpmsu08oZJeTRLJEHfSBvKCXmy9OI
Autonomous Systems  Developer Tech Showcase