
3 common pitfalls in microservice integration and how to avoid them  by  Bernd Rücker
https://youtu.be/JugjRg0-pnE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

4 Ways to deal with Fear Of Missing Out by Tom Wetjens
https://youtu.be/vK7L0HeN8uo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

A peek behind the curtain of Serverless by Bruno Borges, Jeff Hollan
https://youtu.be/t_T24lT0HsU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Are you ready for Cloud Native Java by Steve Poole, Graham Charters
https://youtu.be/hvNwshl9fXA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Break me if you can by Mykyta Protsenko, Alex Borysov
https://youtu.be/HSVvp7tnKp4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Centralizing Business Logic on the Server How We Designed Presentation APIs  by  Antoine Tollenaere
https://youtu.be/kbDZ6dSu6y4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Create your own Digital Adventure Room by Erik Mulder
https://youtu.be/UPN9UORZJr8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Demystifying Kafka by Nakul Mishra
https://youtu.be/cVfG6fjK6ug&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Energy, latency I love you, me neither by Pierre Crépieux
https://youtu.be/u8hC1FmoK9I&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

From Java to Kotlin the adventures of a smooth migration by Paulien van Alst
https://youtu.be/FZ0lIpk-rx8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Hack your ride by Erno Venäläinen
https://youtu.be/YC9Ga5cfB1A&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

How to run Spring Boot with Jshell and take advantage on it  by  Bowie Brotosumpeno
https://youtu.be/lTrzahYq5ok&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Improve your Agile skills by participating in gamejams by Johan Hutting
https://youtu.be/dgh2QS4b5g8&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Introduction to Micronaut Lightweight Microservices with Ahead of Time Compilation by Graeme Rocher
https://youtu.be/P1qp_l5EFic&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Is boilerplate code really so bad by Trisha Gee
https://youtu.be/c7lgMuAZmGI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Jakarta EE The Future of Cloud Native Java is Open! by  Gaël Blondelle
https://youtu.be/Ku4Y_9R0Dtw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Leaflet it’s time to leave GoogleMaps by Guillaume Soldera
https://youtu.be/_Jm-UPOEE0o&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Learning Through Tinkering The Need for Pet Projects by Tom Cools
https://youtu.be/KADksbmr8NY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Next Generation Web Application End to End Testing by  Amir Rustamzadeh
https://youtu.be/CkGQ0fFH3yE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Opsless DevOps by Eugene Petrenko
https://youtu.be/HpzQuLykl4I&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Polyglot Persistence   Which Data Model to pick for your Workload  by  Gerald Venzl
https://youtu.be/lg3RzaZAv0U&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Programmers Be more than your code! by Richard Wellum
https://youtu.be/Egahn2PTzyg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Reactive Web applications with Spring WebFlux & Couchbase by François Gengler
https://youtu.be/KyzXc3MxqZk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Untangling the mysteries of qubits by Roy van Rijn
https://youtu.be/fFW36-CGkPY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

What Drives your Development  by James Birnie
https://youtu.be/L0mYE6eFN5M&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH
Videos 26-50