
Building effective Django queries with expressions - Vanessa Barreiros
https://youtu.be/vZz6IjiG80g&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Dependency Injection, Quickly - Ed Jung
https://youtu.be/_Ney7NA2u_M&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Deploy Deep Learning models as Microservices in minutes  - Saishruthi Swaminathan, Gabriela de Queir
https://youtu.be/L8nuj_RxbUk&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

EdgeDB & Python - Yury Selivanov
https://youtu.be/CmXB5xqEENs&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Effective Visual Representations using Python - Alark Joshi
https://youtu.be/Cg0VPgPwT28&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Full Stack Web with Nothing but Python  How Anvil Works - Meredydd Luff
https://youtu.be/41de0Xc5XRw&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Lightning Talk - Dave Cox
https://youtu.be/FhPJsJWQpSc&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Lightning Talk - Nick Casa
https://youtu.be/klpuUJW9CyM&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Make the Most of it  Negotiation and Self Advocacy - Lusen Mendel
https://youtu.be/0io2mN4n9xU&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Ministry of Silly Runtimes  Vintage Python on Cloud Run - Dustin Ingram
https://youtu.be/KoaN2Y22KmY&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

My Path to Becoming a Python Core Developer - Emily Morehouse Valcarcel
https://youtu.be/rruQXfP2oEs&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

mypy   Getting to Four Million Lines of Typed Python  - Michael Sullivan
https://youtu.be/FT_WHV4-QcU&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Patterns for Clean API Design - Paul Ganssle
https://youtu.be/9rKx-8bj-R0&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Profiling Python C++ ML applications using VSCode - R Gabriel Esteves
https://youtu.be/KHi8UOpGgeM&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Project Jupyter  Tools for Interactive, Reproducible Data Science - Keeley Takimoto
https://youtu.be/4qj0CcEsbUA&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Python for Industry  Pharmaceuticals and Healthcare - Parag Shrivastava
https://youtu.be/doTMGOPK1Cw&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Python RTMIDI + Various Syntheszisers = Fun - Tom
https://youtu.be/Crm3LUdZvt8&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Supercharging a VFX Production Pipeline with Analytics - Bridgette Powell
https://youtu.be/KyK0J0Fnxts&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Talking to data as you would with built in types - Thor Whalen
https://youtu.be/6lx0A6oVM5E&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

The latest with BLACK, so you can stop worrying about Formatting - ≈Åukasz Langa
https://youtu.be/nnKvBwRt72Q&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Understanding Concurrency in Python! - Annie Cook
https://youtu.be/9g5IZDkwAC0&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Unit testing using monkey patching in pytest - Vikram Bhat
https://youtu.be/sZMOJ9SLJf4&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Why you should be using structured logs - Stefan Krawczyk
https://youtu.be/4Y3VdS2pLF4&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW

Writing good python APIs with autosig - Antonio Piccolboni
https://youtu.be/vrIC1K9lj1U&list=PL85KuAjbN_guEvg6Wh_UMZklG1mMrOonW
Videos 51-74