
3 ways to speak English  Jamila Lyiscott
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9fmJ5xQ_mc&list=

5 ways to listen better  Julian Treasure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cSohjlYQI2A&list=

Ajit Narayanan A word game to communicate in any language
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Z-ul0GzzM4&list=

Anne Curzan What makes a word real
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6NU0DMjv0Y&list=

Daniel H. Cohen For argument's sake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JTN9Nx8VYtk&list=

How to speak so that people want to listen  Julian Treasure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIho2S0ZahI&list=

James Geary, metaphorically speaking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cU56SWXHFw&list=

Jill Shargaa Please, please, people. Let's put the 'awe' back in 'awesome'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSD6RlqHwOk&list=

John McWhorter Txtng is killing language. JK!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UmvOgW6iV2s&list=

Let's try emotional correctness  Sally Kohn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCJTV5KaJJc&list=

Mark Pagel How language transformed humanity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImQrUjlyHUg&list=

Megan Washington Why I live in mortal dread of public speaking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDH0BfsPVS8&list=

Melissa Marshall Talk nerdy to me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y66YKWz_sf0&list=

Nilofer Merchant Got a meeting Take a walk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iE9HMudybyc&list=

Patricia Ryan Don't insist on English!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFX68SJs2-0&list=

Roger Ebert Remaking my voice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNXOVpN8Wgg&list=

Rupal Patel Synthetic voices, as unique as fingerprints
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d38LKbYfWrs&list=

Steven Pinker What our language habits reveal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LjQM8PzCEY0&list=

Suzanne Talhouk Don't kill your language
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNOiwgrZbPE&list=

The danger of silence  Clint Smith
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NiKtZgImdlY&list=

Wade Davis Cultures at the far edge of the world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bL7vK0pOvKI&list=

Why is 'x' the unknown  Terry Moore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YX_OxBfsvbk&list=
Great talks about talking