
Andrew Connolly What's the next window into our universe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cI9vSC1eQ18&list=

Bernie Krause The voice of the natural world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTbA-mxo858&list=

Boyd Varty What I learned from Nelson Mandela
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FV-c2FnPnDE&list=

Camille Seaman Haunting photos of polar ice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iFfcwfiLfn0&list=

Camille Seaman Photos from a storm chaser
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MgOVOCUuScE&list=

Can we create new senses for humans  David Eagleman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4c1lqFXHvqI&list=

Chris Burkard The joy of surfing in ice-cold water
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8VwTZFY-fvw&list=

Dan Berkenstock The world is one big dataset. Now, how to photograph it ...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pVPmmwSeJQ&list=

Deborah Gordon What ants teach us about the brain, cancer and the Internet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aL00a3sfnYM&list=

Ed Yong Suicidal wasps, zombie roaches and other parasite tales
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CfqO1U6lfDs&list=

Edward Burtynsky photographs the landscape of oil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEsJI6Nxo4Q&list=

For more wonder, rewild the world  George Monbiot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rZzHkpyPkc&list=

Gary Greenberg The beautiful nano details of our world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROXUPr8Wqds&list=

Gavin Pretor-Pinney Cloudy with a chance of joy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhP52caGW6s&list=

Gavin Schmidt The emergent patterns of climate change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JrJJxn-gCdo&list=

Gratitude  Louie Schwartzberg  TEDxSF
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXDMoiEkyuQ&list=

Greg Asner Ecology from the air
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qCrVpRBBSvY&list=

Hidden miracles of the natural world  Louie Schwartzberg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FiZqn6fV-4Y&list=

Humble plants that hide surprising secrets  Ameenah Gurib-Fakim
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HCgv_HNoJrY&list=

Jaap de Roode How butterflies self-medicate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbAj9JfCXng&list=

Jackie Savitz Save the oceans, feed the world!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9XFeW9dgyIs&list=

Jessica Green Good germs make healthy buildings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QoyBYYpal1Y&list=

Kees Moeliker How a dead duck changed my life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUQLN4o63SY&list=

Latif Nasser The amazing story of the man who gave us modern pain relief
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DokhOtMp75A&list=

Lian Pin Koh A drone's-eye view of conservation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FIrgjCNcDBI&list=

Nick Veasey Exposing the invisible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jguSkEMwrcc&list=

Photos that give voice to the animal kingdom  Frans Lanting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9F8-jp_6Uqg&list=

Reuben Margolin Sculpting waves in wood and time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_L052IOoX0Y&list=

Sara Lewis The loves and lies of fireflies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fm_0sTNcDIo&list=

Stewart Brand The dawn of de-extinction. Are you ready
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKc9MJDeqj0&list=

The birds and the bees are just the beginning  Carin Bondar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N39x_WTPix0&list=

The flower-shaped starshade that might help us detect Earth-like planets  Jeremy Kasdin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XYNUpQrZISc&list=

The hidden beauty of pollination  Louie Schwartzberg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqsXc_aefKI&list=

The silent drama of photography  Sebastião Salgado
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qH4GAXXH29s&list=

The story of life in photographs  Frans Lanting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85LGttCxmqk&list=

The strange story of the teddy bear and what it reveals  Jon Mooallem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEjyPqyFe_s&list=

Topher White What can save the rainforest Your used cell phone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPK2Ch90xWo&list=
A new view of nature