
Adinata Thayib - Running Unit Test on Top of Serverless Service
https://youtu.be/3pdZalofKnI&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Alexander Condello - Building quantum applications with D-Wave's Leap
https://youtu.be/oovofn0QPno&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Alexander Hultnér - API-schema-based testing with schemathesis
https://youtu.be/9FHRwrv-xuQ&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Anastasiia Tymoshchuk - Can we deploy yet
https://youtu.be/Fgyk8P0IJsU&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Camila Maia - ScanAPI
https://youtu.be/cypeJ3t5Uts&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Cheuk Ho - How to be Pythonic Design a Query Language in Python
https://youtu.be/foEChBTSeQw&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

David Bordeynik - Flasync Await
https://youtu.be/ktwljlU1Axc&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Elizaveta Shashkova - The Hidden Power of the Python Runtime
https://youtu.be/mAnOBOrgFdM&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

EuroPython 2020  - Lightning Talks 0723
https://youtu.be/M7BocaqnqF0&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Fernando Masanori Ashikaga - Python Emergency Remote Teaching
https://youtu.be/b3O6fZEQYrI&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Find a new job - Sponsor Presentations
https://youtu.be/ZR6Xj_Pq5wk&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Francesca Tedeschi - The Phantom of Radon
https://youtu.be/uKFXt0eiEJg&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Hongjoo Lee - Automating machine learning workflow with DVC
https://youtu.be/u3NysDLdCR0&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Joseph Song - Durable Functions A More Durable Azure Function
https://youtu.be/GGxHfqcpl0g&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Lidi Zheng, Pau Freixes - gRPC Python, C Extensions, and AsyncIO
https://youtu.be/VtxdY9YtN-4&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Marc-Andre Lemburg - EuroPython 2021 Help us build the next edition!
https://youtu.be/Ymg0DW5pY_c&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Michael Howitz - We have nearly one million lines of Python 2 code in production – and now
https://youtu.be/O-xSmvQwPHY&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Miloslav Pojman - HTTP3 – Why should I care
https://youtu.be/vXbP7EmpErE&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Morning Announcements 0724
https://youtu.be/afRHC4DUJno&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Nicolas Kuhaupt - Probabilistic Forecasting with DeepAR and AWS SageMaker
https://youtu.be/zQvHESgqFcU&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Petertc Chu - Speak Python with Devices
https://youtu.be/BpgtN8GK1M8&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Smit Thakkar - Writing Clean Abstractions
https://youtu.be/Lgof_5yxw3Q&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Tam-Sanh Nguyen - Writing and Scaling Collaborative Data Pipelines with Kedro
https://youtu.be/4sCpfCiJLgs&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Vinayak Mehta - The Hitchhiker's Guide to CLIs in Python
https://youtu.be/i_MIVNqqaxo&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW

Wei Lee - Python Table Manners Cut the Cookie Gracefully
https://youtu.be/m6rF3Kah928&list=PL8uoeex94UhHgMD9GOCbEHWku7pEPx9fW
Videos 76-100