
A journey to Build a Distributed Blockchain Application by Romeo Kienzler
https://youtu.be/3ehMsYXX7dA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Ask the Java Architects by Mark Reinhold, Brian Goetz and team
https://youtu.be/YR7ulGzerMQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Better Canary Deploys with Kubernetes and Istio by Jason Yee
https://youtu.be/R7gUDY_-cFo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Building blockchain apps with zero knowledge  by Davy Van Roy
https://youtu.be/Xu-ofgrwKLw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Computer vision British clay by Valentin Deleplace
https://youtu.be/E_bQLvbG4eI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Functional Programming Patterns with Java8 by Victor Rentea
https://youtu.be/YnzisJh-ZNI&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

How to apply AI to testing by Jeremias Rößler
https://youtu.be/nvSqTlzivNM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

How to build products people care about by Methodology & Culture label Oli Gibson, Monira Rhaimi
https://youtu.be/h_x5D63KaVU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Implement End to End Encryption in Your App in Just 50 Minutes  by  Henri Binsztok
https://youtu.be/vVpQ5jq3pdY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Implementing Microservices by Ivar Grimstad, Kevin Sutter
https://youtu.be/VqMs6a3nv_0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Interview with Adrian Hornsby at Devoxx Belgium 2018
https://youtu.be/0T-Cr7p40OA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Interview with Audrey Neveu at Devoxx Belgium 2018
https://youtu.be/a8FZWRr1zqg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Interview with James Gosling & Arun Gupta at Devoxx Belgium 2018
https://youtu.be/SLi6_ec29ek&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Interview with Lien Wuyts & Jan-Kees van Andel at Devoxx Belgium 2018
https://youtu.be/E3M1PK24lLo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Interview with Mark Reinhold at Devoxx Belgium 2018
https://youtu.be/z6ZmX4S1eKg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Interview with Venkat Subramaniam at Devoxx Belgium 2018
https://youtu.be/03UpEVHiGa0&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Introducing Amazon Corretto by Arun Gupta and Yishai Galatzer
https://youtu.be/RLKC5nsiZXU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

JakartaEE   The New Home of Cloud Native Java
https://youtu.be/1Amshn3s-hg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Java Futures, Devoxx 2018 Edition by Brian Goetz
https://youtu.be/4r2Wg-TY7gU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Mind control in JavaScript and experimenting with evolving interactions  by  Charlie Gerard
https://youtu.be/pVvf4jw0Ado&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Streaming Data for the Cloud Native Generation by Ben Stopford
https://youtu.be/CkilCT2UqDo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Switching to Gradle maturity, performance, and pleasure! by Cédric Champeau, Louis Jacomet
https://youtu.be/isSKhZRIxWw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

The Importance of Fun in the Workplace by Holly Cummins
https://youtu.be/Ob7PxkPCY8s&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

The Z Garbage Collector by Erik Österlund
https://youtu.be/7cWiwu7kYkE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH

Understanding Akka Cluster Through Raspberry Pi Cluster Visualization  by  Eric Loots
https://youtu.be/pnAN16uscu4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVp8vBso4ysmj-X0u6uGx1rH
Videos 176-200