
Apache NetBeans! by Kirk Pepperdine, Sven Reimers, Geertjan Wielenga, Martin Klän
https://youtu.be/EkfX-W0tgNo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Asciidoctor New, Noteworthy, and Beyond by Alex Soto
https://youtu.be/T7RVT2_ntRU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Blue Team Security  Actual Security work for Actual Developers by Siren Hofvander
https://youtu.be/yaLq88OjfoQ&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Build, Scale, & Create IoT and Mobile connected applications with the Cloud by Tara Walker
https://youtu.be/I7k-5MQIqdw&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Building Cloud Native Progressive Web Apps  by Matt Raible and Josh Long
https://youtu.be/tCyLDzhz_mg&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

CloudFoundry or KubernetesKubo Choosing the Right Platform for the Job by Pieter Humphrey
https://youtu.be/2fK_sKaLF1Y&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Comparison Method Violates Its General Contract! (Part 2) by Stuart Marks
https://youtu.be/bvnmbRo7a1Y&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Continuous Delivery with Containers The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly by Daniel Bryant
https://youtu.be/t3vOSMeFqLk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Deep into the IoT trenches how to build a connected product by Jeroen Mols
https://youtu.be/7ZBC2fWqEfk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Dr. Strangecode by Alex Snaps
https://youtu.be/vVheDbrQBDk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

From 0 $100 billion Inside lessons on how to scale your dev workflow by Michiel Michiel Toneman
https://youtu.be/OMrASg7dx-E&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Interview with Deepu K Sasidharan & Julien Dubois at Devoxx Belgium
https://youtu.be/dl6LtO2yveA&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Introducing RIG – the Reactive Interaction Gateway by Kevin Bader
https://youtu.be/wNF51mmnsMo&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Love is ... Git by Sascha Binger
https://youtu.be/i5m2GrSykQk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Migrating to Java 9 Modules with ModiTect by Gunnar Morling
https://youtu.be/BhuOSGrNBek&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Next Generation Asynchronous Patterns in JavaScript by Jonathan Mills
https://youtu.be/p5eEl-e_sFY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Polishing the Diamond Core Library Improvements in Java 9 by Richard Warburton, Raoul Gabriel Urma
https://youtu.be/phJ4MkDKdY4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Sencha Ext JS   a framework for building enterprise data intensive web applications by Olga Petrova
https://youtu.be/7RxH9Cz99WY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Spring Framework 5 Hidden Gems by Juergen Hoeller
https://youtu.be/LQN2ptVdaJE&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Spring Framework 5 Themes & Trends by Juergen Hoeller
https://youtu.be/69tJKcmKVQk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

The Diabolical Developer's Guide to Perfomance Tuning    Martijn Verburg
https://youtu.be/_y37cbS19JY&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

The impact of the GDPR by Michaël Demey
https://youtu.be/hQGaQzjspKk&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Top Elasticsearch tips by Nicolas Buisson
https://youtu.be/ALa11tIIOCM&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Using Android Things to detect & exterminate Reptilians by Gautier Mechling
https://youtu.be/6XY94XZMPG4&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo

Video Games are for idiots by Laurent Victorino
https://youtu.be/uI0MI4xZWQU&list=PLRsbF2sD7JVqZ4RpHYkqSuCNhxumGP5eo
Videos 101-125