
Adam Warski—Designing Programmer-Friendly APIs
https://youtu.be/I3loMuHnYqw&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Alceste Scalas—Effpi Verified Message-Passing Programs in Dotty
https://youtu.be/tCYtMc5sJLU&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Dale Wijnand—How to Totally Fix PartialFunction
https://youtu.be/n7PsbJwVSuE&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Daniel Beskin—Compile-time Logic Programming in Scala what for
https://youtu.be/9i06TyYM_lI&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Describing Data...with free applicative functors (and more)—Kris Nuttycombe
https://youtu.be/oRLkb6mqvVM&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Distributed Systems vs Compositionality—Roland Kuhn
https://youtu.be/LcUIIRqXwTY&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

DOT Scala Types from Theory to Practice—Nada Amin
https://youtu.be/fjj_fv346lY&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Enterprise Algebras—Tim Perrett
https://youtu.be/oAu0MIe072M&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Exploring Decision Trees with Matryoshka—Zainab Ali
https://youtu.be/TrPlVnoLxTI&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Fabio Labella—How do Fibers Work A Peek Under the Hood
https://youtu.be/x5_MmZVLiSM&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Fast Immutable Interval Sets—Rüdiger Klaehn
https://youtu.be/Lb07lshL4cw&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Free Monads—Paweł Szulc
https://youtu.be/ycrpJrcWMp4&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Generic Derivation The Hard Parts—Travis Brown
https://youtu.be/80h3hZidSeE&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Guillaume Martres—Scala 3, Type Inference and You!
https://youtu.be/lMvOykNQ4zs&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

How to Build a Functional API—Julien Truffaut
https://youtu.be/__zuECMFCRc&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Introduction to ScalaCheck—Noel Markham
https://youtu.be/l5-5w8A-Ong&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Jorge Vicente Cantero—Design Challenges of Bloop
https://youtu.be/PgQyCnqm4QQ&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Justin Kaeser—Integrating Developer Experiences
https://youtu.be/lncUc4oHwxg&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Luka Jacobowitz—Monoids, Monoids, Monoids
https://youtu.be/DJyhWAwmGqE&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Mastering Typeclass Induction—Aaron Levin
https://youtu.be/Nm4OIhjjA2o&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Paolo Giarrusso—The DOT Calculus An Introduction for Scala Programmers
https://youtu.be/OVu7XzHY5U0&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Private video
https://youtu.be/XxFCNAOKA1c&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

The New Collections Library for Scala 2.13 and Dotty—Stefan Zeiger
https://youtu.be/ofbaM7Yz3IM&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B

Zoë Weil—A Learning Story Love, Scala & Artificial Intelligence
https://youtu.be/o29DE8E8xJU&list=PL9KXdMOfekvb3cIBOnQH7jQizFyq-mE7B
Videos 26-50